mage/abilities/common/SacrificeIfCastAtInstantTimeTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SacrificeIfCastAtInstantTimeTriggeredAbility
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/NamePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.NamePredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityAllEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/ProwlCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ProwlCondition
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfEndStepTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfEndStepTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfEndStepTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/custom/CreatureToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.custom.CreatureToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/AttachedToControlledPermanentPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.AttachedToControlledPermanentPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaAnyColorAttachedControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaAnyColorAttachedControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageToAndByAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageToAndByAttachedEffect
mage/game/ExileZone.java
 mage.game.ExileZone
mage/abilities/common/AttachedToCreatureSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttachedToCreatureSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/AllyEntersBattlefieldTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AllyEntersBattlefieldTriggeredAbility
mage/constants/PlayerAction.java
 mage.constants.PlayerAction
mage/abilities/abilityword/LieutenantAbility.java
 mage.abilities.abilityword.LieutenantAbility
mage/game/tournament/TournamentSingleElimination.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentSingleElimination
mage/game/command/planes/TrugaJunglePlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TrugaJunglePlane
mage/abilities/costs/AlternativeCost2Impl.java
 mage.abilities.costs.AlternativeCost2Impl
mage/constants/AsThoughEffectType.java
 mage.constants.AsThoughEffectType
mage/abilities/costs/OptionalAdditionalModeSourceCosts.java
 mage.abilities.costs.OptionalAdditionalModeSourceCosts
mage/abilities/effects/PayCostToAttackBlockEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PayCostToAttackBlockEffect
mage/abilities/common/PlayLandAsCommanderAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PlayLandAsCommanderAbility
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalPreventionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalPreventionEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/AttacksIfAbleAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.AttacksIfAbleAttachedEffect
mage/cards/Sets.java
 mage.cards.Sets
 mage.cards.Sets$1
mage/constants/PlanarDieRoll.java
 mage.constants.PlanarDieRoll
mage/watchers/common/DamagedByWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.DamagedByWatcher
mage/constants/PhaseStep.java
 mage.constants.PhaseStep
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetPowerSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetPowerSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageToPlayersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageToPlayersEffect
mage/game/Team.java
 mage.game.Team
mage/abilities/condition/common/OpponentHasMoreLifeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OpponentHasMoreLifeCondition
mage/abilities/mana/ActivatedManaAbilityImpl.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ActivatedManaAbilityImpl
 mage.abilities.mana.ActivatedManaAbilityImpl$1
mage/abilities/costs/AlternativeCost2.java
 mage.abilities.costs.AlternativeCost2
mage/abilities/effects/common/RevealCardsFromLibraryUntilEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealCardsFromLibraryUntilEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealCardsFromLibraryUntilEffect$1
mage/abilities/costs/common/UntapTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.UntapTargetCost
mage/game/permanent/token/KnightToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KnightToken
mage/game/permanent/token/NestOfScarabsBlackInsectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.NestOfScarabsBlackInsectToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesCreatureAttachedWithActivatedAbilityOrSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureAttachedWithActivatedAbilityOrSpellEffect
mage/cards/decks/importer/XmlDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.XmlDeckImporter
mage/abilities/effects/common/ruleModifying/CantRegenerateTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ruleModifying.CantRegenerateTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/WhiteElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WhiteElementalToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetPowerToughnessEnchantedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetPowerToughnessEnchantedEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/MetalcraftCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MetalcraftCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAbilityTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAbilityTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/AttacksAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/keyword/ChannelAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ChannelAbility
mage/abilities/abilityword/KinshipAbility.java
 mage.abilities.abilityword.KinshipAbility
 mage.abilities.abilityword.KinshipBaseEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/IzoniInsectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.IzoniInsectToken
mage/game/permanent/token/CaribouToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CaribouToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostControlledEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostControlledEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ManacostVariableValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ManacostVariableValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardHandAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardHandAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/RockToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RockToken
mage/abilities/keyword/ReplicateAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReplicateAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReplicateCopyEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReplicateTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/TransformAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.TransformAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.TransformEffect
mage/abilities/mana/AnyColorPermanentTypesManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.AnyColorPermanentTypesManaAbility
 mage.abilities.mana.AnyColorPermanentTypesManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByCreaturesWithLessPowerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByCreaturesWithLessPowerEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/CallTheSkyBreakerElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CallTheSkyBreakerElementalToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ColorsOfManaSpentToCastCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ColorsOfManaSpentToCastCount
mage/game/permanent/token/WasitoraCatDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WasitoraCatDragonToken
mage/abilities/mana/CommanderColorIdentityManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.CommanderColorIdentityManaAbility
 mage.abilities.mana.CommanderIdentityManaEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SweepNumber.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SweepNumber
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/UntapAllDuringEachOtherPlayersUntapStepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.UntapAllDuringEachOtherPlayersUntapStepEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/OozeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OozeToken
mage/game/command/emblems/SerraTheBenevolentEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.SerraTheBenevolentEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.SerraTheBenevolentEmblemEffect
mage/target/TargetObject.java
 mage.target.TargetObject
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/BlocksIfAbleAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.BlocksIfAbleAllEffect
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalManaEffect
mage/game/command/planes/TheGreatForestPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TheGreatForestCombatDamageRuleEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.TheGreatForestPlane
mage/abilities/keyword/BushidoAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BushidoAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/DauntAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DauntAbility
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfUpkeepTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfUpkeepTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfUpkeepTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/Ooze2Token.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.Ooze2Token
mage/abilities/common/EndOfCombatTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EndOfCombatTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/ProtectionChosenColorSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.ProtectionChosenColorSourceEffect
mage/abilities/meta/OrTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.meta.OrTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/DistributeCountersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.DistributeCountersEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.RemoveCountersAtEndOfTurn
mage/cards/decks/importer/CardLookup.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.CardLookup
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureForCombat.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureForCombat
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/AnotherPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.AnotherPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/Effects.java
 mage.abilities.effects.Effects
mage/game/permanent/token/KorSoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KorSoldierToken
mage/target/common/TargetCreatureOrPlayer.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreatureOrPlayer
mage/abilities/keyword/FlashbackAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FlashbackAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.FlashbackReplacementEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CommanderCastCountValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CommanderCastCountValue
mage/target/targetpointer/ThirdTargetPointer.java
 mage.target.targetpointer.ThirdTargetPointer
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockUnlessYouControlSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockUnlessYouControlSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/replacement/DealtDamageToCreatureBySourceDies.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.replacement.DealtDamageToCreatureBySourceDies
mage/game/permanent/token/ReflectionPureToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReflectionPureToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/EquippedSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EquippedSourceCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/ElfToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElfToken
mage/target/common/TargetCreatureOrPlaneswalkerAmount.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreatureOrPlaneswalkerAmount
mage/abilities/effects/AsThoughEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.AsThoughEffectImpl
mage/game/GameImpl.java
 mage.game.GameImpl
 mage.game.GameImpl$1
mage/filter/predicate/other/AuraCardCanAttachToPermanentId.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.AuraCardCanAttachToPermanentId
mage/abilities/ActivationInfo.java
 mage.abilities.ActivationInfo
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackAloneAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackAloneAttachedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/FrogLizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FrogLizardToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/BlocksIfAbleSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.BlocksIfAbleSourceEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureForCombatBlock.java
 mage.filter.common.BlockTappedPredicate
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureForCombatBlock
mage/filter/common/FilterOwnedCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterOwnedCard
mage/abilities/keyword/TrampleAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.TrampleAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SwitchPowerToughnessTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SwitchPowerToughnessTargetEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileTopCreatureCardOfGraveyardCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileTopCreatureCardOfGraveyardCost
mage/abilities/common/SagaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ChapterTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.SagaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/HornetToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HornetToken
mage/game/permanent/token/HellionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HellionToken
mage/abilities/common/BecomesMonstrousTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesMonstrousTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/CantBeCounteredSourceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CantBeCounteredSourceAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/CreakwoodLiegeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CreakwoodLiegeToken
mage/game/permanent/token/ReefWormWhaleToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReefWormWhaleToken
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheBeginOfYourNextUpkeepDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfYourNextUpkeepDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/ExploitAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExploitAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExploitEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeControllerEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/SacrificeTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.SacrificeTargetCost
mage/game/permanent/token/DrakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DrakeToken
mage/game/permanent/token/XenagosSatyrToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.XenagosSatyrToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/AttackIfAbleTargetRandomOpponentSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.AttackIfAbleTargetRandomOpponentSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageAllControlledTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageAllControlledTargetEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/KickedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.KickedPredicate
mage/abilities/common/SignatureSpellCastOnlyWithOathbreakerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.common.SignatureSpellCastOnlyWithOathbreakerEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/SpawningPitToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpawningPitToken
mage/abilities/common/DrawCardControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DrawCardControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/BlocksOrBecomesBlockedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BlocksOrBecomesBlockedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamagePlayersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamagePlayersEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamagePlayersEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifeTargetEffect
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/UnblockedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.UnblockedPredicate
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/ConditionalAddManaOfTwoDifferentColorsAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.ConditionalAddManaOfTwoDifferentColorsAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityAttachedEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityAttachedEffect$1
mage/abilities/costs/common/DynamicValueGenericManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.DynamicValueGenericManaCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/QuestForTheGravelordZombieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.QuestForTheGravelordZombieToken
mage/filter/predicate/other/TargetsOnlyOnePlayerPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.TargetsOnlyOnePlayerPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipNextPlayerUntapStepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipNextPlayerUntapStepEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackControllerDueToGoadEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackControllerDueToGoadEffect
mage/cards/decks/importer/MtgaImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.MtgaImporter
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureForCombatBase.java
 mage.filter.common.CanBlockPredicate
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureForCombatBase
 mage.filter.common.PhasedInPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/EquippedHasSubtypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EquippedHasSubtypeCondition
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/AdditiveDynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.AdditiveDynamicValue
mage/game/permanent/token/OrderedMigrationBirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OrderedMigrationBirdToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ControllerGotLifeCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ControllerGotLifeCount
mage/game/permanent/token/EldraziScionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EldraziScionToken
mage/abilities/Modes.java
 mage.abilities.Modes
mage/abilities/effects/common/BrainstormEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.BrainstormEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/KarnConstructToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KarnConstructToken
mage/game/permanent/token/TreasureToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TreasureToken
mage/abilities/effects/RestrictionUntapNotMoreThanEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.RestrictionUntapNotMoreThanEffect
mage/abilities/common/BecomesRenownedSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesRenownedSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapAllControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapAllControllerEffect
mage/util/FastByteArrayInputStream.java
 mage.util.FastByteArrayInputStream
mage/game/permanent/token/DuneBroodNephilimToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DuneBroodNephilimToken
mage/game/command/planes/TurriIslandPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TurriIslandEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.TurriIslandPlane
mage/abilities/keyword/LeylineAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.LeylineAbility
mage/abilities/common/BecomesBlockedByCreatureTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesBlockedByCreatureTriggeredAbility
mage/target/common/TargetCardInOpponentsGraveyard.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInOpponentsGraveyard
mage/watchers/common/RevoltWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.RevoltWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileFromZoneTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileFromZoneTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileFromZoneTargetEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/WarriorVigilantToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WarriorVigilantToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/CreatureCountCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CreatureCountCondition
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CreatureCountCondition$1
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/BlockingAttackerIdPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.BlockingAttackerIdPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesBlackZombieAdditionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesBlackZombieAdditionEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesBlackZombieAdditionEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseGameSourceControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseGameSourceControllerEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceTappedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceTappedCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/OfferingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.OfferingAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.OfferingAsThoughEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.OfferingCostReductionEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PlantToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PlantToken
mage/abilities/common/LeavesBattlefieldTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.LeavesBattlefieldTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/RiseOfEaglesBirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RiseOfEaglesBirdToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/AdditionalCombatPhaseEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.AdditionalCombatPhaseEffect
mage/cards/decks/importer/MWSDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.MWSDeckImporter
mage/cards/MeldCard.java
 mage.cards.MeldCard
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileCardsFromTopOfLibraryTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileCardsFromTopOfLibraryTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ArchitectOfTheUntamedBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ArchitectOfTheUntamedBeastToken
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/BolsterEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.BolsterEffect
mage/abilities/common/CanBeYourCommanderAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CanBeYourCommanderAbility
mage/abilities/Abilities.java
 mage.abilities.Abilities
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByOneAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByOneAttachedEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByOneAttachedEffect$1
mage/watchers/common/ChooseBlockersRedundancyWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.ChooseBlockersRedundancyWatcher
mage/abilities/condition/common/TargetHasCardTypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TargetHasCardTypeCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/ElephantResurgenceToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElephantResurgenceToken
mage/game/permanent/token/EyesOfTheWisentElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EyesOfTheWisentElementalToken
mage/abilities/mana/BlueManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.BlueManaAbility
mage/game/command/emblems/NissaWhoShakesTheWorldEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.NissaWhoShakesTheWorldEmblem
mage/target/common/TargetOpponent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetOpponent
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/CardIdPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.CardIdPredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/RoyalGuardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RoyalGuardToken
mage/game/permanent/token/WalkerToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WalkerToken
mage/game/permanent/token/CatToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CatToken2
mage/abilities/common/AttackedByCreatureTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttackedByCreatureTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.AttackedByCreatureTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/SheepToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SheepToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/EffectKeyValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.EffectKeyValue
mage/game/permanent/token/KorAllyToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KorAllyToken
mage/cards/repository/CardScanner.java
 mage.cards.repository.CardScanner
mage/watchers/common/SpellsCastWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.SpellsCastWatcher
mage/abilities/DelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.DelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/CantBlockAloneAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CantBlockAloneAbility
mage/abilities/costs/common/CyclingDiscardCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.CyclingDiscardCost
mage/game/permanent/token/LlanowarElvesToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.LlanowarElvesToken
mage/game/permanent/token/SoldierTokenWithHaste.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SoldierTokenWithHaste
mage/actions/MageDrawAction.java
 mage.actions.MageDrawAction
mage/game/permanent/token/InsectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.InsectToken
mage/filter/predicate/ObjectSourcePlayerPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.ObjectSourcePlayerPredicate
mage/filter/common/FilterControlledEnchantmentPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterControlledEnchantmentPermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/DeathtouchRatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DeathtouchRatToken
mage/cards/AdventureCard.java
 mage.cards.AdventureCard
 mage.cards.AdventureCard$1
mage/abilities/condition/common/MoreCardsInHandThanOpponentsCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MoreCardsInHandThanOpponentsCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/DeadlyGrubToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DeadlyGrubToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/LastTimeCounterRemovedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.LastTimeCounterRemovedCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/SpectacleAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SpectacleAbility
mage/filter/predicate/other/PlayerCanGainLifePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.PlayerCanGainLifePredicate
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/ArtifactCastManaCondition.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.ArtifactCastManaCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainControlTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainControlTargetEffect
mage/cards/repository/PluginClassloaderRegistery.java
 mage.cards.repository.PluginClassloaderRegistery
mage/game/permanent/token/TheLocustGodInsectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TheLocustGodInsectToken
mage/abilities/costs/CompositeCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.CompositeCost
mage/filter/common/FilterLandPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterLandPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/ApplyCountersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ApplyCountersEffect
mage/game/events/PreventDamageEvent.java
 mage.game.events.PreventDamageEvent
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CommanderPlaysCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CommanderPlaysCount
mage/game/permanent/token/ValdukElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ValdukElementalToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/ControlledFromStartOfControllerTurnPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.ControlledFromStartOfControllerTurnPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventCombatDamageToSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventCombatDamageToSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackSourceEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/PartyCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.PartyCount
mage/game/permanent/token/TatsumaDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TatsumaDragonToken
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfPostCombatMainTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfPostCombatMainTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfPostCombatMainTriggeredAbility$1
mage/filter/common/FilterArtifactOrEnchantmentPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterArtifactOrEnchantmentPermanent
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/RoleAssignment.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.RoleAssignment
mage/abilities/condition/common/AfterUpkeepStepCondtion.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AfterUpkeepStepCondtion
mage/util/ManaUtil.java
 mage.util.ManaUtil
mage/abilities/keyword/ExertAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExertAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExertReplacementEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExertedThisTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/PhaseOutTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PhaseOutTargetEffect
mage/cards/decks/Constructed.java
 mage.cards.decks.Constructed
mage/constants/Outcome.java
 mage.constants.Outcome
mage/game/permanent/token/AbhorrentOverlordHarpyToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AbhorrentOverlordHarpyToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileTargetAndSearchGraveyardHandLibraryEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileTargetAndSearchGraveyardHandLibraryEffect
mage/abilities/Gender.java
 mage.abilities.Gender
mage/target/common/TargetControlledCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetControlledCreaturePermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/WurmWithDeathtouchToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WurmWithDeathtouchToken
mage/target/TargetPlayer.java
 mage.target.TargetPlayer
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/DefendingPlayerControlsPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.DefendingPlayerControlsPredicate
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/HighestConvertedManaCostValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.HighestConvertedManaCostValue
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/ControllerIdPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.ControllerIdPredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/SerfToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SerfToken
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddConditionalManaOfAnyColorEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddConditionalManaOfAnyColorEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseACardNameEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseACardNameEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseACardNameEffect$1
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseACardNameEffect$TypeOfName
mage/abilities/DelayedTriggeredAbilities.java
 mage.abilities.DelayedTriggeredAbilities
mage/abilities/common/BecomesAuraAttachToManifestSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesAuraAttachToManifestSourceEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/ToughnessPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.ToughnessPredicate
mage/game/command/emblems/DarettiScrapSavantEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.DarettiScrapSavantEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.DarettiScrapSavantEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.DarettiScrapSavantTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/ModeChoiceSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ModeChoiceSourceCondition
mage/abilities/condition/common/DeliriumCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.DeliriumCondition
mage/target/TargetSpell.java
 mage.target.TargetSpell
mage/abilities/keyword/HeroicAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HeroicAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GodFavoredGeneralSoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GodFavoredGeneralSoldierToken
mage/ManaSymbol.java
 mage.ManaSymbol
 mage.ManaSymbol$1
 mage.ManaSymbol$Type
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalRestrictionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalRestrictionEffect
mage/abilities/costs/Cost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.Cost
mage/abilities/mana/builder/Builder.java
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.Builder
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardSubtypeAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardSubtypeAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/DevourAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DevourAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/CopyTargetSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CopyTargetSpellEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/GetXValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.GetXValue
mage/game/events/ZoneChangeEvent.java
 mage.game.events.ZoneChangeEvent
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeTargetedAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeTargetedAllEffect
mage/constants/Layer.java
 mage.constants.Layer
mage/abilities/condition/common/DidNotAttackThisTurnEnchantedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.DidNotAttackThisTurnEnchantedCondition
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/GreatestPowerAmongControlledCreaturesValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.GreatestPowerAmongControlledCreaturesValue
mage/filter/common/FilterBlockingCreature.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterBlockingCreature
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/IntPlusDynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.IntPlusDynamicValue
mage/game/turn/BeginCombatStep.java
 mage.game.turn.BeginCombatStep
mage/game/permanent/token/WurmToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WurmToken
mage/cards/decks/DeckFormats.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckFormats
mage/abilities/keyword/FlashAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FlashAbility
mage/constants/CommanderCardType.java
 mage.constants.CommanderCardType
mage/game/ZoneChangeInfo.java
 mage.game.ZoneChangeInfo
 mage.game.ZoneChangeInfo$Battlefield
 mage.game.ZoneChangeInfo$Exile
 mage.game.ZoneChangeInfo$Library
 mage.game.ZoneChangeInfo$Stack
 mage.game.ZoneChangeInfo$Unmelded
mage/actions/score/ScoringSystem.java
 mage.actions.score.ScoringSystem
mage/abilities/costs/common/SacrificeAttachmentCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.SacrificeAttachmentCost
mage/filter/common/FilterSpiritOrArcaneCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterSpiritOrArcaneCard
mage/game/command/planes/TrailOfTheMageRingsPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TrailOfTheMageRingsPlane
 mage.game.command.planes.TrailOfTheMageRingsReboundEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterPlayerOrPlaneswalker.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPlayerOrPlaneswalker
mage/abilities/effects/ContinuousEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousEffectImpl
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousEffectImpl$1
mage/abilities/common/ChancellorAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ChancellorAbility
 mage.abilities.common.ChancellorEffect
mage/watchers/common/LostControlWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.LostControlWatcher
mage/abilities/condition/common/ControlACommanderCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ControlACommanderCondition
mage/abilities/costs/common/GainLifePlayersCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.GainLifePlayersCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToLibrarySpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToLibrarySpellEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageBySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageBySourceEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/IngestAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.IngestAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.IngestEffect
mage/abilities/effects/PreventionEffectData.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PreventionEffectData
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/SharesColorPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.SharesColorPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/SpliceCardEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.SpliceCardEffectImpl
mage/game/permanent/token/DinosaurCatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DinosaurCatToken
mage/game/permanent/token/ElephantToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElephantToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/EnchantedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.EnchantedPredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/EntwineAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EntwineAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/ReachAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReachAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/PatagiaViperSnakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PatagiaViperSnakeToken
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/ExploreSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.ExploreSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/SweepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.SweepEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GargoyleToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GargoyleToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ClashEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ClashEffect
mage/abilities/common/SpellCastOpponentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SpellCastOpponentTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.SpellCastOpponentTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandFromGraveyardAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandFromGraveyardAllEffect
mage/abilities/hint/common/NotMyTurnHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.NotMyTurnHint
mage/game/permanent/token/BreedingPitThrullToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BreedingPitThrullToken
mage/game/command/emblems/LilianaWakerOfTheDeadEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.LilianaWakerOfTheDeadEmblem
mage/game/permanent/token/DinOfTheFireherdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DinOfTheFireherdToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SunburstCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SunburstCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/CanBlockAsThoughtItHadShadowEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CanBlockAsThoughtItHadShadowEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GoblinRogueToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoblinRogueToken
mage/game/permanent/token/CamaridToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CamaridToken
mage/abilities/keyword/MountainwalkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MountainwalkAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/PlayWithHandRevealedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.PlayWithHandRevealedEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.PlayWithHandRevealedEffect$1
mage/filter/common/FilterControlledLandPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterControlledLandPermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/GodEternalOketraToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GodEternalOketraToken
mage/game/permanent/token/PurphorossInterventionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PurphorossInterventionToken
mage/constants/EmptyNames.java
 mage.constants.EmptyNames
mage/abilities/common/ActivatePlaneswalkerLoyaltyAbilityTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ActivatePlaneswalkerLoyaltyAbilityTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/WingmateRocToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WingmateRocToken
mage/abilities/costs/mana/MonoHybridManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.MonoHybridManaCost
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.MonoHybridManaCost$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackYouEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackYouEffect
mage/abilities/common/PutIntoGraveFromAnywhereSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PutIntoGraveFromAnywhereSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/RevoltCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.RevoltCondition
mage/game/CardAttribute.java
 mage.game.CardAttribute
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalAsThoughEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalAsThoughEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/ConspireAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConspireAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConspireAbility$1
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConspireAbility$ConspireTargets
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConspireEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConspireTriggeredAbility
mage/constants/SetType.java
 mage.constants.SetType
mage/cards/decks/importer/DraftLogImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.DraftLogImporter
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/DiscardCostCardConvertedMana.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.DiscardCostCardConvertedMana
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyAllAttachedEquipmentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyAllAttachedEquipmentEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/SoldierVigilanceToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SoldierVigilanceToken
mage/abilities/keyword/HexproofFromMonocoloredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HexproofFromMonocoloredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipNextDrawStepTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipNextDrawStepTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/MyTurnBeforeAttackersDeclaredCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MyTurnBeforeAttackersDeclaredCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/LookLibraryMayPutToBottomEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LookLibraryMayPutToBottomEffect
mage/abilities/common/FetchLandActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.FetchLandActivatedAbility
mage/abilities/common/BecomesTargetAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesTargetAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/ZendikarsRoilElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ZendikarsRoilElementalToken
mage/game/permanent/token/WallOfResurgenceToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WallOfResurgenceToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockAttachedEffect
mage/target/common/TargetPlaneswalkerPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetPlaneswalkerPermanent
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToAPlayerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToAPlayerTriggeredAbility
mage/game/match/MatchOptions.java
 mage.game.match.MatchOptions
 mage.game.match.MatchOptions$1
mage/abilities/mana/ActivateOncePerTurnManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ActivateOncePerTurnManaAbility
mage/watchers/common/PlayLandWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayLandWatcher
mage/watchers/common/AttackedLastTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.AttackedLastTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/BlocksIfAbleAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.BlocksIfAbleAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/AttachEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AttachEffect
mage/abilities/common/OpponentSacrificesPermanentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.OpponentSacrificesPermanentTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/SpecialActions.java
 mage.abilities.SpecialActions
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleIntoLibraryGraveOfSourceOwnerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleIntoLibraryGraveOfSourceOwnerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilitySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilitySourceEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileSourceCost
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/MonocoloredPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.MonocoloredPredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/GrovetenderDruidsPlantToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GrovetenderDruidsPlantToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllNonCombatDamageToAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllNonCombatDamageToAllEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceOnBattlefieldOrCommandZoneCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceOnBattlefieldOrCommandZoneCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/PharikaSnakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PharikaSnakeToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAllCreatureTypesTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAllCreatureTypesTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/KrakenHexproofToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KrakenHexproofToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileFromTopOfLibraryCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileFromTopOfLibraryCost
mage/abilities/costs/common/UntapSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.UntapSourceCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/AdditionalCombatPhaseEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AdditionalCombatPhaseEffect
mage/cards/decks/importer/TxtDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.TxtDeckImporter
mage/abilities/costs/CostsImpl.java
 mage.abilities.costs.CostsImpl
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileUntilSourceLeavesEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileUntilSourceLeavesEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/RemoveAllCountersSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RemoveAllCountersSourceCost
mage/abilities/common/SimpleEvasionAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SimpleEvasionAbility
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/SummoningSicknessPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.SummoningSicknessPredicate
mage/watchers/common/CreaturesDiedWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CreaturesDiedWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReplaceOpponentCardsInHandWithSelectedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReplaceOpponentCardsInHandWithSelectedEffect
mage/constants/TargetController.java
 mage.constants.TargetController
 mage.constants.TargetController$1
 mage.constants.TargetController$ControllerPredicate
 mage.constants.TargetController$OwnerPredicate
 mage.constants.TargetController$PlayerPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByAllSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByAllSourceEffect
mage/watchers/common/PlanarRollWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlanarRollWatcher
mage/abilities/hint/common/AbilityResolutionCountHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.AbilityResolutionCountHint
mage/target/common/TargetCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreaturePermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeSourceUnlessPaysEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeSourceUnlessPaysEffect
mage/target/common/TargetPermanentOrPlayerAmount.java
 mage.target.common.TargetPermanentOrPlayerAmount
mage/abilities/AbilityImpl.java
 mage.abilities.AbilityImpl
 mage.abilities.AbilityImpl$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryPutOnLibraryEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryPutOnLibraryEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockActivateAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockActivateAttachedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/StitcherGeralfZombieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.StitcherGeralfZombieToken
mage/filter/predicate/IntComparePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.IntComparePredicate
mage/abilities/common/GodEternalDiesTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.GodEternalDiesTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.GodEternalEffect
mage/abilities/hint/HintUtils.java
 mage.abilities.hint.HintUtils
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileTargetIfDiesEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileTargetIfDiesEffect
mage/filter/FilterAbility.java
 mage.filter.FilterAbility
 mage.filter.FilterAbility$AbilityTypePredicate
 mage.filter.FilterAbility$AbilityZonePredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/UnlessPaysDelayedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UnlessPaysDelayedEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UnlessPaysDelayedEffectAction
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UnlessPaysDelayedEffectTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UnlessPaysDelayedEffectTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/OgreToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OgreToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/BlockingPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.BlockingPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AssignNoCombatDamageSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AssignNoCombatDamageSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AssignNoCombatDamageSourceEffect$1
mage/game/command/emblems/ArlinnEmbracedByTheMoonEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ArlinnEmbracedByTheMoonEmblem
mage/filter/FilterObject.java
 mage.filter.FilterObject
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByOneTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByOneTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/TransformedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TransformedCondition
mage/abilities/common/PutCardIntoGraveFromAnywhereAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PutCardIntoGraveFromAnywhereAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.PutCardIntoGraveFromAnywhereAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/GutterGrimeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GutterGrimeToken
 mage.game.permanent.token.GutterGrimeToken$GutterGrimeCounters
mage/abilities/effects/common/RemoveFromCombatTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RemoveFromCombatTargetEffect
mage/cards/decks/DeckValidator.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckValidator
 mage.cards.decks.DeckValidator$1
mage/abilities/condition/common/HateCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.HateCondition
mage/abilities/condition/common/ControlsCreatureGreatestPowerCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ControlsCreatureGreatestPowerCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/VanishingUpkeepAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.VanishingEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.VanishingUpkeepAbility
mage/cards/decks/importer/MtgjsonDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.MtgjsonDeckImporter
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/PermanentsYouOwnThatOpponentsControlCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.PermanentsYouOwnThatOpponentsControlCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesCreatureTypeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureTypeTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/IllusionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.IllusionToken
mage/abilities/common/AttachableToRestrictedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttachableToRestrictedAbility
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/AscendEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.AscendEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/SacrificeAllCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.SacrificeAllCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/PassEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PassEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/HumanSoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HumanSoldierToken
mage/abilities/keyword/PartnerAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.PartnerAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/CastFromHandSourcePermanentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CastFromHandSourcePermanentCondition
mage/abilities/common/CanBlockOnlyFlyingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CanBlockOnlyFlyingAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/EnchantedCreatureColorCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EnchantedCreatureColorCondition
mage/abilities/condition/common/ProwlCostWasPaidCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ProwlCostWasPaidCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryGraveyardPutInHandEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryGraveyardPutInHandEffect
mage/abilities/costs/mana/GenericManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.GenericManaCost
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/AbilityPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.AbilityPredicate
mage/game/command/planes/FieldsOfSummerPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.FieldsOfSummerEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.FieldsOfSummerPlane
mage/target/common/TargetActivatedOrTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.target.common.TargetActivatedOrTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToAPlayerAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToAPlayerAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToAPlayerAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/MarathWillOfTheWildElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MarathWillOfTheWildElementalToken
mage/game/command/planes/TheDarkBaronyPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TheDarkBaronyPlane
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileFromStackCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileFromStackCost
mage/game/turn/TurnMod.java
 mage.game.turn.TurnMod
mage/abilities/keyword/PhasingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.PhasingAbility
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/TransformedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.TransformedPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/AfterBlockersAreDeclaredCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AfterBlockersAreDeclaredCondition
mage/watchers/common/PlayerAttackedStepWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayerAttackedStepWatcher
mage/abilities/keyword/MultikickerAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MultikickerAbility
mage/constants/SuperType.java
 mage.constants.SuperType
 mage.constants.SuperType$1
 mage.constants.SuperType$SuperTypePredicate
mage/abilities/effects/AsTurnedFaceUpEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.AsTurnedFaceUpEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapInControllersNextUntapStepSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInControllersNextUntapStepSourceEffect
mage/target/targetadjustment/XCMCPermanentAdjuster.java
 mage.target.targetadjustment.XCMCPermanentAdjuster
mage/game/events/DamageCreatureEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamageCreatureEvent
mage/game/permanent/token/StoneTrapIdolToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.StoneTrapIdolToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/RevealTargetPlayerLibraryEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealTargetPlayerLibraryEffect
mage/abilities/common/ControlledCreaturesDealCombatDamagePlayerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ControlledCreaturesDealCombatDamagePlayerTriggeredAbility
mage/game/command/planes/TazeemPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TazeemCantBlockAllEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.TazeemPlane
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileCardFromOwnGraveyardControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileCardFromOwnGraveyardControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardTypeSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardTypeSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesEnchantmentSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesEnchantmentSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddPoisonCounterTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddPoisonCounterTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/EmptyToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EmptyToken
mage/game/tournament/LimitedOptions.java
 mage.game.tournament.LimitedOptions
mage/abilities/effects/ContinuousEffects.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousEffects
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousEffects$1
mage/game/permanent/token/SerpentGeneratorSnakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SerpentGeneratorSnakeToken
mage/choices/Choice.java
 mage.choices.Choice
mage/abilities/keyword/DredgeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DredgeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.DredgeEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/EquippedMultipleSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EquippedMultipleSourceCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/SpiritWhiteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpiritWhiteToken
mage/game/command/emblems/TamiyoFieldResearcherEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.TamiyoFieldResearcherEmblem
mage/abilities/keyword/FirstStrikeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FirstStrikeAbility
mage/target/common/TargetCreaturePermanentSameController.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreaturePermanentSameController
mage/abilities/condition/common/AddendumCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AddendumCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/SparkElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SparkElementalToken
mage/abilities/keyword/NinjutsuAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.NinjutsuAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.NinjutsuEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReturnAttackerToHandTargetCost
 mage.abilities.keyword.RevealNinjutsuCardCost
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileOpponentsCardFromExileToGraveyardCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileOpponentsCardFromExileToGraveyardCost
mage/abilities/costs/AlternativeCostSourceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.costs.AlternativeCostSourceAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/MutateAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MutateAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/EldraziSpawnToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EldraziSpawnToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapTargetEffect
mage/abilities/text/TextPart.java
 mage.abilities.text.TextPart
mage/abilities/effects/common/SetPlayerLifeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SetPlayerLifeTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddConditionalManaOfTwoDifferentColorsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddConditionalManaOfTwoDifferentColorsEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DjinnMonkToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DjinnMonkToken
mage/game/permanent/token/KalonianTwingroveTreefolkWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KalonianTwingroveTreefolkWarriorToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceBlockedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceBlockedCondition
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/OpponentsPoisonCountersCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.OpponentsPoisonCountersCount
mage/abilities/effects/PayCostToAttackBlockEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PayCostToAttackBlockEffectImpl
 mage.abilities.effects.PayCostToAttackBlockEffectImpl$1
 mage.abilities.effects.PayCostToAttackBlockEffectImpl$RestrictType
mage/abilities/costs/common/RemoveVariableCountersSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RemoveVariableCountersSourceCost
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/LockedInDynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.LockedInDynamicValue
mage/filter/predicate/ObjectSourcePlayer.java
 mage.filter.predicate.ObjectSourcePlayer
mage/abilities/CompoundAbility.java
 mage.abilities.CompoundAbility
mage/abilities/costs/CostAdjuster.java
 mage.abilities.costs.CostAdjuster
mage/game/turn/EndStep.java
 mage.game.turn.EndStep
mage/game/events/EventDispatcher.java
 mage.game.events.EventDispatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/RevealAndShuffleIntoLibrarySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealAndShuffleIntoLibrarySourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/KorWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KorWarriorToken
mage/game/turn/DrawStep.java
 mage.game.turn.DrawStep
mage/constants/RangeOfInfluence.java
 mage.constants.RangeOfInfluence
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToBattlefieldUnderOwnerControlTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToBattlefieldUnderOwnerControlTargetEffect
mage/watchers/common/AbilityResolvedWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.AbilityResolvedWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/AngelToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AngelToken
mage/game/command/emblems/SorinLordOfInnistradEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.SorinLordOfInnistradEmblem
mage/filter/common/FilterPlaneswalkerPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPlaneswalkerPermanent
mage/watchers/common/NumberOfTimesPermanentTargetedATurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.NumberOfTimesPermanentTargetedATurnWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddCounterChoiceSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddCounterChoiceSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DragonEggDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DragonEggDragonToken
mage/game/permanent/token/HuntedCentaurToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HuntedCentaurToken
mage/MageObjectImpl.java
 mage.MageObjectImpl
mage/counters/Counter.java
 mage.counters.Counter
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleLibrarySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleLibrarySourceEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/RemoveCounterCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RemoveCounterCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanBlockOnlyFlyingAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanBlockOnlyFlyingAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/common/BecomesBlockedSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesBlockedSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAllAbilitiesTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAllAbilitiesTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DoomedArtisanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DoomedArtisanToken
mage/abilities/keyword/MeditateAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MeditateAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReturnToHandEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/GetEmblemEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.GetEmblemEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseControlOnOtherPlayersControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseControlOnOtherPlayersControllerEffect
mage/game/combat/CombatGroup.java
 mage.game.combat.CombatGroup
mage/abilities/effects/common/CounterTargetAndSearchGraveyardHandLibraryEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CounterTargetAndSearchGraveyardHandLibraryEffect
mage/abilities/OpeningHandAction.java
 mage.abilities.OpeningHandAction
mage/abilities/effects/common/RegenerateAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RegenerateAttachedEffect
mage/game/command/planes/AcademyAtTolariaWestPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.AcademyAtTolariaWestPlane
 mage.game.command.planes.DrawCardsActivePlayerEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.HellbentAPCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeEquippedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeEquippedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/RemoveSpecialActionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RemoveSpecialActionEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainProtectionFromColorSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainProtectionFromColorSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/DestroyPlaneswalkerWhenDamagedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DestroyPlaneswalkerWhenDamagedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/RekindlingPhoenixToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RekindlingPhoenixToken
mage/abilities/keyword/SurgeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SurgeAbility
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalGainActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalGainActivatedAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/ForestcyclingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ForestcyclingAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardSuperTypeAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardSuperTypeAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DiscardCardPlayerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DiscardCardPlayerTriggeredAbility
mage/watchers/common/GravestormWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.GravestormWatcher
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfYourEndStepTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfYourEndStepTriggeredAbility
mage/game/command/emblems/NissaVitalForceEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.NissaVitalForceEmblem
mage/abilities/text/TextPartImpl.java
 mage.abilities.text.TextPartImpl
mage/abilities/effects/common/CreateTokenEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CreateTokenEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageWithPowerFromOneToAnotherTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageWithPowerFromOneToAnotherTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CipherEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CipherEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CipherStoreEffect
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaToManaPoolTargetControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaToManaPoolTargetControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellsCostReductionAllOfChosenSubtypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostReductionAllOfChosenSubtypeEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PromiseOfPowerDemonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PromiseOfPowerDemonToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/EntersBattlefieldUnderControlOfOpponentOfChoiceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.EntersBattlefieldUnderControlOfOpponentOfChoiceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/HumanClericToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HumanClericToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesBasicLandEnchantedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesBasicLandEnchantedEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesBasicLandEnchantedEffect$1
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/InstantSorceryExileGraveyardCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.InstantSorceryExileGraveyardCount
mage/abilities/hint/common/MyTurnHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.MyTurnHint
mage/game/permanent/token/NissaSageAnimistToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.NissaSageAnimistToken
mage/game/tournament/TournamentPairing.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentPairing
mage/abilities/hint/common/DeliriumHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.DeliriumHint
mage/abilities/effects/common/DrawDiscardTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawDiscardTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanBlockAdditionalCreatureTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanBlockAdditionalCreatureTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/RecoverAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.RecoverAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.RecoverEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseBasicLandTypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseBasicLandTypeEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/BountyAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BountyAbility
mage/game/turn/FirstCombatDamageStep.java
 mage.game.turn.FirstCombatDamageStep
mage/abilities/common/PlaneswalkerEntersWithLoyaltyCountersAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PlaneswalkerEntersWithLoyaltyCountersAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/CastWithoutPayingManaCostEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.CastWithoutPayingManaCostEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureOrPlaneswalkerPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureOrPlaneswalkerPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackYouAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackYouAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ResearchDevelopmentToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ResearchDevelopmentToken
mage/game/permanent/token/TrooperToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TrooperToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/EquippedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.EquippedPredicate
mage/filter/common/FilterPlaneswalkerCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPlaneswalkerCard
mage/abilities/common/AttacksOrBlocksTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksOrBlocksTriggeredAbility
mage/watchers/common/PlayerDamagedBySourceWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayerDamagedBySourceWatcher
mage/game/command/emblems/KioraMasterOfTheDepthsEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.KioraFightEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.KioraMasterOfTheDepthsEmblem
mage/target/targetadjustment/VerseCounterAdjuster.java
 mage.target.targetadjustment.VerseCounterAdjuster
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapEnchantedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapEnchantedEffect
mage/util/functions/CardTypeApplier.java
 mage.util.functions.CardTypeApplier
mage/abilities/effects/common/SetPlayerLifeAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SetPlayerLifeAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SetPlayerLifeAllEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/WhileConditionContinuousEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.WhileConditionContinuousEffect
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/TappedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.TappedPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyTargetAtBeginningOfNextEndStepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyTargetAtBeginningOfNextEndStepEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PursuedWhaleToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PursuedWhaleToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/RenownedSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.RenownedSourceCondition
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ActivationManaAbilityStep.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ActivationManaAbilityStep
mage/filter/common/FilterSpellOrPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterSpellOrPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageAttachedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DragonBroodmotherDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DragonBroodmotherDragonToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ChromaOutrageShamanCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ChromaOutrageShamanCount
mage/cards/decks/importer/DecDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.DecDeckImporter
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddConditionalManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddConditionalManaEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/CentaurEnchantmentCreatureToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CentaurEnchantmentCreatureToken
mage/abilities/hint/common/ProwlHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.ProwlHint
mage/abilities/keyword/SuspendAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.GainHasteEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.SuspendAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SuspendBeginningOfUpkeepInterveningIfTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SuspendExileEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.SuspendPlayCardAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SuspendPlayCardEffect
mage/abilities/common/SanctuaryInterveningIfTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SanctuaryInterveningIfTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeOpponentsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeOpponentsEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifeTargetControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifeTargetControllerEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/EnchantedCreatureSubtypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EnchantedCreatureSubtypeCondition
mage/filter/common/FilterHistoricCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterHistoricCard
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LifeTotalCantChangeControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LifeTotalCantChangeControllerEffect
mage/target/TargetPermanent.java
 mage.target.TargetPermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/PegasusToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PegasusToken2
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapAllThatAttackedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapAllThatAttackedEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/InspiredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.InspiredAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/GateYouControlCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.GateYouControlCount
mage/choices/ChooseFriendsAndFoes.java
 mage.choices.ChooseFriendsAndFoes
mage/abilities/common/TurnedFaceUpSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.TurnedFaceUpSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByCreaturesAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByCreaturesAttachedEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterControlledCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterControlledCreaturePermanent
mage/game/permanent/PermanentMeld.java
 mage.game.permanent.PermanentMeld
mage/abilities/keyword/MadnessAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MadnessAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.MadnessCastEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.MadnessCondition
 mage.abilities.keyword.MadnessReplacementEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.MadnessTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/turn/AddExtraTurnControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.turn.AddExtraTurnControllerEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.turn.LoseGameDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/CoralBarrierSquidToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CoralBarrierSquidToken
mage/abilities/keyword/JumpStartAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.JumpStartAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.JumpStartReplacementEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DaxosSpiritToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DaxosSpiritSetPTEffect
 mage.game.permanent.token.DaxosSpiritToken
mage/abilities/EvasionAbility.java
 mage.abilities.EvasionAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GiantOpportunityToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GiantOpportunityToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/WishEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.WishEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesCreatureSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureSourceEffect$1
mage/abilities/common/SimpleTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SimpleTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileGraveyardAllPlayersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileGraveyardAllPlayersEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SurgedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SurgedCondition
mage/game/command/emblems/VivienReidEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.VivienReidEmblem
mage/abilities/costs/common/ReturnToHandFromGraveyardCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ReturnToHandFromGraveyardCost
mage/abilities/common/FirstSpellOpponentsTurnTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.FirstSpellOpponentsTurnTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceTargetsPermanentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceTargetsPermanentCondition
mage/util/functions/EmptyApplyToPermanent.java
 mage.util.functions.EmptyApplyToPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/BecomesMonarchSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.BecomesMonarchSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/DamageAsThoughNotBlockedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DamageAsThoughNotBlockedAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesColorSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesColorSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyMultiTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyMultiTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/MyTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MyTurnCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/MetallurgicSummoningsConstructToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MetallurgicSummoningsConstructToken
mage/abilities/common/TapForManaAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.TapForManaAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.TapForManaAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ManaCostImpl.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaCostImpl
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaCostImpl$1
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureAttackingYou.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureAttackingYou
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/GoadAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.GoadAllEffect
mage/game/events/ZoneChangeGroupEvent.java
 mage.game.events.ZoneChangeGroupEvent
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardColorAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardColorAttachedEffect
mage/cards/repository/CardCriteria.java
 mage.cards.repository.CardCriteria
mage/cards/repository/ExpansionInfo.java
 mage.cards.repository.ExpansionInfo
mage/game/Exile.java
 mage.game.Exile
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/RemoveAllCountersTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.RemoveAllCountersTargetEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SourceMutatedCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SourceMutatedCount
mage/constants/DependencyType.java
 mage.constants.DependencyType
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockUnlessPayManaAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockUnlessPayManaAllEffect
mage/target/common/TargetAttackingCreature.java
 mage.target.common.TargetAttackingCreature
mage/abilities/effects/common/DrawDiscardControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawDiscardControllerEffect
mage/watchers/common/BloodthirstWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.BloodthirstWatcher
mage/filter/common/FilterCreaturePlayerOrPlaneswalker.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreaturePlayerOrPlaneswalker
mage/watchers/common/CommanderPlaysCountWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CommanderPlaysCountWatcher
mage/abilities/condition/FixedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.FixedCondition
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttachedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttachedCondition
mage/abilities/common/BecomesTappedSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesTappedSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/turn/EndPhase.java
 mage.game.turn.EndPhase
mage/watchers/common/FirstSpellCastThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.FirstSpellCastThisTurnWatcher
 mage.watchers.common.FirstSpellCastThisTurnWatcher$1
mage/game/permanent/token/SaprolingBurstToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SaprolingBurstToken
 mage.game.permanent.token.SaprolingBurstTokenDynamicValue
mage/abilities/condition/common/SpellMasteryCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SpellMasteryCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddChosenSubtypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddChosenSubtypeEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantAttackBlockTransformAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantAttackBlockTransformAttachedEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureOrPlayer.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureOrPlayer
mage/game/permanent/token/GuardianIdolGolemToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GuardianIdolGolemToken
mage/game/permanent/token/TentacleToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TentacleToken
mage/game/permanent/token/LandMineToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.LandMineToken
mage/filter/predicate/other/AuraCardCanAttachToLKIPermanentId.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.AuraCardCanAttachToLKIPermanentId
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaChosenColorEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaChosenColorEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CounterUnlessPaysEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CounterUnlessPaysEffect
mage/abilities/condition/OrCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.OrCondition
mage/abilities/condition/common/HeckbentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.HeckbentCondition
mage/abilities/costs/common/PutCountersSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PutCountersSourceCost
mage/abilities/effects/EntersBattlefieldEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.EntersBattlefieldEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.EntersBattlefieldEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseColorEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseColorEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/RegenerateAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RegenerateAllEffect
mage/cards/repository/DatabaseBuild.java
 mage.cards.repository.DatabaseBuild
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/WUBRGInsteadEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.WUBRGInsteadEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterControlledPlaneswalkerPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterControlledPlaneswalkerPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CantCastMoreThanOneSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CantCastMoreThanOneSpellEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CantCastMoreThanOneSpellEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/mana/DynamicManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.DynamicManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CounterTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CounterTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/RakdosGuildmageGoblinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RakdosGuildmageGoblinToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByMoreThanOneAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByMoreThanOneAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByMoreThanOneAllEffect$1
mage/abilities/keyword/UndauntedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.UndauntedAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/UntapSourceDuringEachOtherPlayersUntapStepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.UntapSourceDuringEachOtherPlayersUntapStepEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/FaerieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FaerieToken
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/CreatureCastManaCondition.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.CreatureCastManaCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/GoatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoatToken
mage/game/draft/DraftImpl.java
 mage.game.draft.DraftImpl
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileFromGraveCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileFromGraveCost
mage/game/tournament/TournamentSwiss.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentSwiss
mage/cards/Card.java
 mage.cards.Card
mage/abilities/costs/mana/HybridManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.HybridManaCost
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.HybridManaCost$1
mage/abilities/keyword/FlyingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FlyingAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.FlyingEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/BatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BatToken
mage/abilities/effects/RequirementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.RequirementEffect
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaOfAnyTypeProducedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaOfAnyTypeProducedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnFromExileEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnFromExileEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnFromExileEffect$1
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExertSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExertSourceCost
mage/cards/decks/DnDDeckTargetListener.java
 mage.cards.decks.DnDDeckTargetListener
mage/game/permanent/token/MerfolkWizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MerfolkWizardToken
mage/game/combat/Combat.java
 mage.game.combat.Combat
 mage.game.combat.Combat$1
mage/watchers/common/PermanentsSacrificedWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PermanentsSacrificedWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanBlockAdditionalCreatureAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanBlockAdditionalCreatureAllEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/RevealHandSourceControllerCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RevealHandSourceControllerCost
mage/abilities/common/AttacksOrBlocksEnchantedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksOrBlocksEnchantedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/command/planes/NayaPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.NayaPlane
mage/abilities/common/DiscardedByOpponentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DiscardedByOpponentTriggeredAbility
mage/constants/SpellAbilityCastMode.java
 mage.constants.SpellAbilityCastMode
mage/abilities/effects/common/TapAllTargetPlayerControlsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TapAllTargetPlayerControlsEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttachedToCounterCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttachedToCounterCondition
mage/abilities/TriggeredAbilityImpl.java
 mage.abilities.TriggeredAbilityImpl
 mage.abilities.TriggeredAbilityImpl$1
mage/watchers/common/PermanentsEnteredBattlefieldYourLastTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PermanentsEnteredBattlefieldYourLastTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/PermanentsYouControlCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.PermanentsYouControlCount
mage/constants/AbilityWord.java
 mage.constants.AbilityWord
mage/abilities/common/SimpleActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SimpleActivatedAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/ATATToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ATATToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsInTargetPlayerHandCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsInTargetPlayerHandCount
mage/game/permanent/token/SaprolingToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SaprolingToken
mage/constants/TurnPhase.java
 mage.constants.TurnPhase
mage/abilities/effects/common/ImprintTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ImprintTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GoldmeadowHarrierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoldmeadowHarrierToken
mage/game/match/Match.java
 mage.game.match.Match
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostTargetEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterPermanentCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPermanentCard
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/HalfValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.HalfValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/RegenerateSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RegenerateSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RegenerationShieldsHint
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapInControllersUntapStepTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInControllersUntapStepTargetEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/MulticoloredPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.MulticoloredPredicate
mage/constants/CardType.java
 mage.constants.CardType
 mage.constants.CardType$1
 mage.constants.CardType$CardTypePredicate
mage/game/stack/StackObject.java
 mage.game.stack.StackObject
mage/abilities/common/MutatesSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.MutatesSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldOrAttacksAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldOrAttacksAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldOrAttacksAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/ConditionalMana.java
 mage.ConditionalMana
 mage.ConditionalMana$1
mage/game/stack/StackObjImpl.java
 mage.game.stack.StackObjImpl
mage/game/permanent/token/HazezonTamarSandWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HazezonTamarSandWarriorToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/BlockedThisTurnSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.BlockedThisTurnSourceCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/KalitasVampireToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KalitasVampireToken
mage/designations/CitysBlessing.java
 mage.designations.CitysBlessing
mage/game/permanent/token/PenumbraSpiderToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PenumbraSpiderToken
mage/game/command/emblems/AjaniAdversaryOfTyrantsEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.AjaniAdversaryOfTyrantsEmblem
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/AttackingSameNotBandedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.AttackingSameNotBandedPredicate
mage/game/draft/RichManBoosterDraft.java
 mage.game.draft.RichManBoosterDraft
mage/abilities/effects/common/ruleModifying/CastOnlyDuringPhaseStepSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ruleModifying.CastOnlyDuringPhaseStepSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/CostModificationEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.CostModificationEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/RatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RatToken
mage/game/permanent/token/CorpseweftZombieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CorpseweftZombieToken
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/NumberOfTargetsPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.NumberOfTargetsPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/DevouredCreaturesCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.DevouredCreaturesCondition
mage/filter/common/FilterArtifactSpell.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterArtifactSpell
mage/game/command/emblems/YodaEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.YodaEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddCountersTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddCountersTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanAttackAsThoughItDidntHaveDefenderSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanAttackAsThoughItDidntHaveDefenderSourceEffect
mage/MageException.java
 mage.MageException
mage/game/permanent/token/AngelVigilanceToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AngelVigilanceToken
mage/abilities/common/AsEntersBattlefieldAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AsEntersBattlefieldAbility
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileTopCardOfGraveyardCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileTopCardOfGraveyardCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/PlayAdditionalLandsAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.PlayAdditionalLandsAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/asthought/PlayFromNotOwnHandZoneTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.asthought.PlayFromNotOwnHandZoneTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.asthought.PlayFromNotOwnHandZoneTargetEffect$1
mage/abilities/StateTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.StateTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/AkroanSoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AkroanSoldierToken
mage/game/events/Listener.java
 mage.game.events.Listener
mage/game/GameCommanderImpl.java
 mage.game.GameCommanderImpl
mage/cards/ArtRect.java
 mage.cards.ArtRect
mage/abilities/keyword/RippleAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.RippleAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.RippleEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/IslandcyclingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.IslandcyclingAbility
mage/game/permanent/Permanent.java
 mage.game.permanent.Permanent
mage/abilities/hint/common/ArtifactYouControlHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.ArtifactYouControlHint
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileTargetCost
mage/abilities/effects/EffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.EffectImpl
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ControllerLifeCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ControllerLifeCount
mage/game/turn/DeclareBlockersStep.java
 mage.game.turn.DeclareBlockersStep
mage/abilities/keyword/BasicLandcyclingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BasicLandcyclingAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeTargetedTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeTargetedTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/MonasteryMentorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MonasteryMentorToken
mage/game/events/PlayerQueryEvent.java
 mage.game.events.PlayerQueryEvent
 mage.game.events.PlayerQueryEvent$QueryType
mage/util/StreamUtils.java
 mage.util.StreamUtils
mage/abilities/common/ExploitCreatureTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ExploitCreatureTriggeredAbility
mage/util/JarVersion.java
 mage.util.JarVersion
mage/abilities/TriggeredAbilities.java
 mage.abilities.TriggeredAbilities
mage/abilities/effects/common/FlipSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.FlipSourceEffect
mage/watchers/common/CastFromHandWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CastFromHandWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryWithLessCMCPutInPlayEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryWithLessCMCPutInPlayEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeSourceUnlessConditionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeSourceUnlessConditionEffect
mage/util/functions/AbilityApplier.java
 mage.util.functions.AbilityApplier
mage/target/common/TargetEnchantmentPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetEnchantmentPermanent
mage/abilities/condition/common/LandfallCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.LandfallCondition
mage/abilities/PlayLandAbility.java
 mage.abilities.PlayLandAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/MeldCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MeldCondition
mage/game/command/emblems/JayaBallardEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.JayaBallardCastFromGraveyardEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.JayaBallardEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.JayaBallardReplacementEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/KaldraToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KaldraToken
mage/game/turn/CleanupStep.java
 mage.game.turn.CleanupStep
mage/abilities/effects/ContinuousEffectsList.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousEffectsList
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousEffectsList$1
mage/abilities/costs/common/TapVariableTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.TapVariableTargetCost
mage/game/permanent/token/SharkToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SharkToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/PayLifeCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PayLifeCost
mage/abilities/common/AttacksFirstTimeTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksFirstTimeTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/SpliceOntoArcaneAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SpliceOntoArcaneAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SpliceOntoArcaneEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetPowerToughnessTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetPowerToughnessTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/CastOnlyIfConditionIsTrueEffect.java
 mage.abilities.common.CastOnlyIfConditionIsTrueEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CopyTokenEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CopyTokenEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ThopterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ThopterToken
mage/game/turn/PostCombatMainPhase.java
 mage.game.turn.PostCombatMainPhase
mage/game/permanent/token/EldraziAnnihilatorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EldraziAnnihilatorToken
mage/target/common/TargetNonBasicLandPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetNonBasicLandPermanent
mage/game/tournament/MultiplayerRound.java
 mage.game.tournament.MultiplayerRound
mage/game/turn/PreCombatMainStep.java
 mage.game.turn.PreCombatMainStep
mage/abilities/effects/AuraReplacementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.AuraReplacementEffect
mage/constants/TournamentPlayerState.java
 mage.constants.TournamentPlayerState
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/EnchantmentOrEnchantedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.EnchantmentOrEnchantedPredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/AftermathAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AftermathAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.AftermathCantCastFromHand
 mage.abilities.keyword.AftermathCastFromGraveyard
 mage.abilities.keyword.AftermathExileAsResolvesFromGraveyard
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddCountersControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddCountersControllerEffect
mage/abilities/common/SacrificeAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SacrificeAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.SacrificeAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/BearsCompanionBearToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BearsCompanionBearToken
mage/players/net/SkipPrioritySteps.java
 mage.players.net.SkipPrioritySteps
 mage.players.net.SkipPrioritySteps$1
mage/abilities/keyword/DelveAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DelveAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.DelveEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.DelveSpecialAction
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttackedOrBlockedThisCombatSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttackedOrBlockedThisCombatSourceCondition
mage/abilities/costs/common/PayVariableLifeCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PayVariableLifeCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CastAsThoughItHadFlashSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CastAsThoughItHadFlashSourceEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/ColorlessPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.ColorlessPredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/TotemArmorAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.TotemArmorAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.TotemArmorEffect
mage/actions/impl/MageAction.java
 mage.actions.impl.MageAction
mage/abilities/Mode.java
 mage.abilities.Mode
mage/game/permanent/token/ProsshKoboldToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ProsshKoboldToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/EndTurnEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.EndTurnEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/SatyrNyxSmithElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SatyrNyxSmithElementalToken
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/ManifestTargetPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.ManifestTargetPlayerEffect
mage/cards/decks/exporter/DeckExporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.exporter.DeckExporter
mage/abilities/effects/common/FlipCoinEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.FlipCoinEffect
mage/filter/Filter.java
 mage.filter.Filter
 mage.filter.Filter$ComparisonScope
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsInControllerHandCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsInControllerHandCount
mage/abilities/condition/common/MonarchIsSourceControllerCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MonarchIsSourceControllerCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/RhysTheRedeemedToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RhysTheRedeemedToken
mage/game/command/planes/TheEonFogPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TheEonFogPlane
 mage.game.command.planes.TheEonFogSkipUntapStepEffect
mage/cards/decks/exporter/MtgOnlineDeckExporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.exporter.MtgOnlineDeckExporter
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipDrawStepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipDrawStepEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/BloodthirstAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BloodthirstAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.BloodthirstEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/MustBeBlockedByAtLeastOneTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.MustBeBlockedByAtLeastOneTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/DrawSecondCardTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DrawSecondCardTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.DrawSecondCardWatcher
mage/game/command/emblems/ElspethSunsChampionEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ElspethSunsChampionEmblem
mage/game/LookedAt.java
 mage.game.LookedAt
mage/abilities/effects/common/CreateDelayedTriggeredAbilityEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CreateDelayedTriggeredAbilityEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseLandTypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseLandTypeEffect
mage/choices/ManaChoice.java
 mage.choices.ManaChoice
mage/game/permanent/token/WeirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WeirdToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/MultipliedValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.MultipliedValue
mage/players/Library.java
 mage.players.Library
mage/abilities/effects/ReplacementEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ReplacementEffectImpl
mage/target/common/TargetCreatureOrPlaneswalker.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreatureOrPlaneswalker
mage/abilities/keyword/SplitSecondAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SplitSecondAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SplitSecondEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/AnnihilatorAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AnnihilatorAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.AnnihilatorEffect
mage/game/draft/RichManCubeBoosterDraft.java
 mage.game.draft.RichManCubeBoosterDraft
mage/MageObjectReference.java
 mage.MageObjectReference
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackBlockTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackBlockTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostEnchantedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostEnchantedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/HydraBroodmasterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HydraBroodmasterToken
mage/watchers/common/PlayerLostLifeWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayerLostLifeWatcher
mage/abilities/common/SacrificeSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SacrificeSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/EldraziHorrorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EldraziHorrorToken
mage/abilities/keyword/MorphAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MorphAbility
mage/watchers/common/PlayerGainedLifeWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayerGainedLifeWatcher
mage/abilities/hint/StaticHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.StaticHint
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeCounteredSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeCounteredSourceEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SpectacleCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SpectacleCondition
mage/abilities/common/PayMoreToCastAsThoughtItHadFlashAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PayMoreToCastAsThoughtItHadFlashAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/BandingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BandingAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/HorsemanshipAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.Horsemanship
 mage.abilities.keyword.HorsemanshipAbility
mage/abilities/mana/builder/ConditionalManaBuilder.java
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.ConditionalManaBuilder
mage/game/permanent/token/VojaFriendToElvesToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.VojaFriendToElvesToken
mage/game/permanent/token/KaroxBladewingDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KaroxBladewingDragonToken
mage/constants/MultiplayerAttackOption.java
 mage.constants.MultiplayerAttackOption
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostEquippedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostEquippedEffect
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheBeginOfNextEndStepDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfNextEndStepDelayedTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfNextEndStepDelayedTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalContinuousRuleModifyingEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalContinuousRuleModifyingEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/KithkinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KithkinToken
mage/abilities/keyword/BandsWithOtherAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BandsWithOtherAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/RagavanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RagavanToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/TargetHasSuperTypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TargetHasSuperTypeCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/BelzenlokDemonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BelzenlokDemonToken
 mage.game.permanent.token.BelzenlokDemonTokenEffect
mage/cards/decks/DeckValidatorFactory.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckValidatorFactory
mage/game/draft/DraftPlayer.java
 mage.game.draft.DraftPlayer
mage/filter/predicate/other/PermanentCanTargetPermanentId.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.PermanentCanTargetPermanentId
mage/MageIdentifier.java
 mage.MageIdentifier
mage/abilities/keyword/CommanderStormAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CommanderStormAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.CommanderStormEffect
mage/cards/FrameStyle.java
 mage.cards.FrameStyle
 mage.cards.FrameStyle$BorderType
mage/cards/decks/importer/DeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.DeckImporter
 mage.cards.decks.importer.DeckImporter$FixedInfo
mage/abilities/mana/ConditionalAnyColorManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ConditionalAnyColorManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/BeastToken3.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BeastToken3
mage/game/permanent/token/FeatherToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FeatherToken
mage/game/permanent/token/AerieWorshippersBirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AerieWorshippersBirdToken
mage/watchers/common/CardsDrawnDuringDrawStepWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CardsDrawnDuringDrawStepWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockTargetEffect
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/AttackingPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.AttackingPredicate
mage/abilities/costs/UseAttachedCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.UseAttachedCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/DamageCantBePreventedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.DamageCantBePreventedEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/BloodrushAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BloodrushAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/ZombieWizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ZombieWizardToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GremlinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GremlinToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/IsStepCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.IsStepCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/TombspawnZombieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TombspawnZombieToken
mage/abilities/condition/InvertCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.InvertCondition
mage/abilities/mana/DelayedTriggeredManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.DelayedTriggeredManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/BirdIllusionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BirdIllusionToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/RemoveCounterSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.RemoveCounterSourceEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/GideonAllyOfZendikarEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.GideonAllyOfZendikarEmblem
mage/abilities/condition/common/ControlsCreatureGreatestToughnessCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ControlsCreatureGreatestToughnessCondition
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ExileFromHandCostCardConvertedMana.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ExileFromHandCostCardConvertedMana
mage/game/permanent/token/RedGreenBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RedGreenBeastToken
mage/filter/predicate/ability/ArtifactSourcePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.ability.ArtifactSourcePredicate
mage/target/common/TargetTappedPermanentAsYouCast.java
 mage.target.common.TargetTappedPermanentAsYouCast
mage/abilities/keyword/FlankingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FlankingAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/DrawCardSourceControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawCardSourceControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CounterTargetWithReplacementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CounterTargetWithReplacementEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CounterTargetWithReplacementEffect$1
mage/constants/MageObjectType.java
 mage.constants.MageObjectType
mage/game/permanent/token/ServoToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ServoToken
mage/abilities/costs/OptionalAdditionalCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.OptionalAdditionalCost
mage/game/permanent/token/IxalanVampireToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.IxalanVampireToken
mage/MageItem.java
 mage.MageItem
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackBlockUnlessConditionSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackBlockUnlessConditionSourceEffect
mage/abilities/mana/BasicManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.BasicManaAbility
mage/filter/common/FilterEquipmentPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterEquipmentPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostAllOfChosenSubtypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostAllOfChosenSubtypeEffect
mage/game/stack/Spell.java
 mage.game.stack.Spell
mage/abilities/effects/common/RecruiterEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RecruiterEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageEachOtherEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageEachOtherEffect
mage/abilities/common/GainLifeFirstTimeTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.GainLifeCondition
 mage.abilities.common.GainLifeFirstTimeTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.GainLifeFirstTimeWatcher
mage/abilities/common/UnattachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.UnattachedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/HasSubtypesSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.HasSubtypesSourceEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/DiscardSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.DiscardSourceCost
mage/players/ManaPool.java
 mage.players.ManaPool
 mage.players.ManaPool$1
mage/constants/ZoneDetail.java
 mage.constants.ZoneDetail
mage/cards/decks/DeckValidatorError.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckValidatorError
mage/abilities/keyword/AscendAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AscendAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.AscendContinuousEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/MerfolkToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MerfolkToken
mage/watchers/common/BlockedThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.BlockedThisTurnWatcher
mage/choices/Choices.java
 mage.choices.Choices
mage/filter/predicate/other/AuraPermanentCanAttachToPermanentId.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.AuraPermanentCanAttachToPermanentId
mage/game/permanent/token/HorrorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HorrorToken
mage/game/permanent/token/VampireKnightToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.VampireKnightToken
mage/target/TargetStackObject.java
 mage.target.TargetStackObject
mage/target/common/TargetCreatureOrPlayerAmount.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreatureOrPlayerAmount
mage/filter/predicate/ObjectPlayerPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.ObjectPlayerPredicate
mage/abilities/mana/ActivateAsSorceryManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ActivateAsSorceryManaAbility
mage/game/command/emblems/LilianaOfTheDarkRealmsEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.LilianaOfTheDarkRealmsEmblem
mage/abilities/keyword/HauntAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HauntAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.HauntAbility$1
 mage.abilities.keyword.HauntEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.HauntExileAbility
mage/cards/decks/importer/JsonDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.JsonDeckImporter
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/OpponentsCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.OpponentsCount
mage/abilities/condition/common/EvokedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EvokedCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/InfoEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.InfoEffect
mage/game/events/CreatedTokenEvent.java
 mage.game.events.CreatedTokenEvent
mage/abilities/hint/common/CitysBlessingHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.CitysBlessingHint
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileReturnBattlefieldOwnerNextEndStepSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileReturnBattlefieldOwnerNextEndStepSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DrawCardForEachColorAmongControlledPermanentsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawCardForEachColorAmongControlledPermanentsEffect
mage/abilities/common/BecomesTargetTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesTargetTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesTargetTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnFromExileForSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnFromExileForSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnFromExileForSourceEffect$1
mage/util/CircularList.java
 mage.util.CircularList
 mage.util.CircularList$1
 mage.util.CircularList$CircularIterator
 mage.util.CircularList$CircularListIterator
mage/target/common/TargetCardInASingleGraveyard.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInASingleGraveyard
mage/game/permanent/token/BalduvianToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BalduvianToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttachedToMatchesFilterCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttachedToMatchesFilterCondition
mage/abilities/costs/common/ReturnToHandFromBattlefieldSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ReturnToHandFromBattlefieldSourceCost
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/VariableManaCostPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.VariableManaCostPredicate
mage/constants/WatcherScope.java
 mage.constants.WatcherScope
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsInTargetPlayersGraveyardCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsInTargetPlayersGraveyardCount
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaOfTwoDifferentColorsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaOfTwoDifferentColorsEffect
mage/abilities/common/PutIntoGraveFromAnywhereSourceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PutIntoGraveFromAnywhereEffect
 mage.abilities.common.PutIntoGraveFromAnywhereSourceAbility
mage/target/common/TargetActivatedAbility.java
 mage.target.common.TargetActivatedAbility
mage/watchers/common/CardsPutIntoGraveyardWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CardsPutIntoGraveyardWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/LinvalaAngelToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.LinvalaAngelToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/GetKickerXValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.GetKickerXValue
mage/util/trace/TraceUtil.java
 mage.util.trace.TraceUtil
mage/game/permanent/token/CarrionBlackInsectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CarrionBlackInsectToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseCardTypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseCardTypeEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterPermanentOrSuspendedCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPermanentOrSuspendedCard
mage/cards/decks/DeckFileFilter.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckFileFilter
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardControllerEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/XorLessLifeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.XorLessLifeCondition
 mage.abilities.condition.common.XorLessLifeCondition$1
 mage.abilities.condition.common.XorLessLifeCondition$CheckType
mage/game/command/emblems/LukeSkywalkerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.LukeSkywalkerEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.LukeSkywalkerEmblemEffect
mage/counters/AbilityCounter.java
 mage.counters.AbilityCounter
mage/abilities/text/TextPartSubType.java
 mage.abilities.text.TextPartSubType
mage/abilities/common/CycleOrDiscardControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CycleOrDiscardControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/ForlornPseudammaZombieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ForlornPseudammaZombieToken
mage/game/command/emblems/NarsetOfTheAncientWayEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.NarsetOfTheAncientWayEmblem
mage/abilities/costs/common/SacrificeSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.SacrificeSourceCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityControllerEffect
mage/abilities/common/AttacksCreatureYouControlTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksCreatureYouControlTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/mana/AnyColorLandsProduceManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.AnyColorLandsProduceManaAbility
 mage.abilities.mana.AnyColorLandsProduceManaEffect
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheBeginOfNextCleanupDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfNextCleanupDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/target/common/TargetCardInYourGraveyard.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInYourGraveyard
mage/abilities/keyword/HexproofAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HexproofAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/TransformSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TransformSourceEffect
mage/target/TargetSource.java
 mage.target.TargetSource
mage/abilities/keyword/KickerWithAnyNumberModesAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.KickerWithAnyNumberModesAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellsCostReductionAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostReductionAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainSuspendEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainSuspendEffect
mage/target/common/TargetAnyTarget.java
 mage.target.common.TargetAnyTarget
mage/abilities/effects/common/ClashWinReturnToHandSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ClashWinReturnToHandSpellEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/MarduStrikeLeaderWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MarduStrikeLeaderWarriorToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/AttackedThisTurnOpponentsCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.AttackedThisTurnOpponentsCount
mage/abilities/keyword/HideawayAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HideawayAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.HideawayExileEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.HideawayLookAtFaceDownCardEffect
mage/players/Players.java
 mage.players.Players
mage/choices/ChoiceCardType.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceCardType
mage/cards/basiclands/Forest.java
 mage.cards.basiclands.Forest
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleIntoLibraryTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleIntoLibraryTargetEffect
mage/constants/ManaType.java
 mage.constants.ManaType
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/ConditionalSpellManaBuilder.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.ConditionalSpellManaBuilder
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.SpellCastConditionalMana
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.SpellCastManaCondition
mage/watchers/common/CardsCycledOrDiscardedThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CardsCycledOrDiscardedThisTurnWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/KelpToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KelpToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/BlockedByIdPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.BlockedByIdPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/OpponentHasNoCardsInHandCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OpponentHasNoCardsInHandCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandSpellEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/turn/AddExtraTurnTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.turn.AddExtraTurnTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/MenaceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MenaceAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/SpiritBlueToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpiritBlueToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesBasicLandTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesBasicLandTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesBasicLandTargetEffect$1
mage/cards/repository/RepositoryEvent.java
 mage.cards.repository.RepositoryEvent
 mage.cards.repository.RepositoryEvent$RepositoryEventType
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackYouOrPlaneswalkerAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackYouOrPlaneswalkerAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/MustBeBlockedByAllSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.MustBeBlockedByAllSourceEffect
mage/game/command/planes/LetheLakePlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.LetheLakePlane
mage/abilities/condition/Condition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.Condition
mage/abilities/effects/common/TurnFaceUpTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TurnFaceUpTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAbilityAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAbilityAttachedEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/SorinSolemnVisitorEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.SorinSolemnVisitorEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/CastCardFromOutsideTheGameEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CastCardFromOutsideTheGameEffect
mage/game/command/planes/TheZephyrMazePlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.TheZephyrMazePlane
mage/abilities/costs/common/RemoveCountersSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RemoveCountersSourceCost
mage/abilities/common/ZoneChangeAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ZoneChangeAllTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/AnotherSpiritToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AnotherSpiritToken
mage/abilities/common/BecomesBlockedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesBlockedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/RedHumanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RedHumanToken
mage/abilities/keyword/RiotAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.RiotAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.RiotReplacementEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PegasusToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PegasusToken
mage/game/permanent/token/AnthousaWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AnthousaWarriorToken
mage/game/permanent/token/StarfishToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.StarfishToken
mage/abilities/common/BlocksTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BlocksTriggeredAbility
mage/constants/Rarity.java
 mage.constants.Rarity
mage/abilities/common/DiscardsACardOpponentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DiscardsACardOpponentTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.DiscardsACardOpponentTriggeredAbility$1
mage/util/MessageToClient.java
 mage.util.MessageToClient
mage/game/command/emblems/ObNixilisOfTheBlackOathEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ObNixilisOfTheBlackOathEmblem
mage/abilities/common/SpellCastControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SpellCastControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/ControlsPermanentsControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ControlsPermanentsControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToOpponentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToOpponentTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/DoUnlessControllerPaysEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DoUnlessControllerPaysEffect
mage/target/common/TargetActivatedOrTriggeredAbilityOrLegendarySpell.java
 mage.target.common.TargetActivatedOrTriggeredAbilityOrLegendarySpell
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByAllTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByAllTargetEffect
mage/cards/decks/importer/O8dDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.O8dDeckImporter
mage/game/permanent/token/GoldForgeGarrisonGolemToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoldForgeGarrisonGolemToken
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfUntapTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfUntapTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfUntapTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByOneEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByOneEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByOneEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/SorinSolemnVisitorVampireToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SorinSolemnVisitorVampireToken
mage/game/permanent/token/WeirdToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WeirdToken2
mage/game/permanent/token/GreenDogToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GreenDogToken
mage/game/command/emblems/ChandraAwakenedInfernoEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ChandraAwakenedInfernoEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackUnlessDefenderControllsPermanent.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackUnlessDefenderControllsPermanent
mage/cards/decks/DeckFormatsTest.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckFormatsTest
mage/abilities/effects/common/ruleModifying/CantHaveCountersSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ruleModifying.CantHaveCountersSourceEffect
mage/game/command/planes/EdgeOfMalacolPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.EdgeOfMalacolEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.EdgeOfMalacolPlane
mage/abilities/condition/common/ControllerAttackedThisTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ControllerAttackedThisTurnCondition
mage/choices/ChoiceColor.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceColor
mage/abilities/keyword/AfterlifeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AfterlifeAbility
mage/game/turn/UntapStep.java
 mage.game.turn.UntapStep
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheEndOfTurnStepPostDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheEndOfTurnStepPostDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/cards/ExpansionSet.java
 mage.cards.ExpansionSet
 mage.cards.ExpansionSet$SetCardInfo
mage/abilities/keyword/OverloadAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.OverloadAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/MountaincyclingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MountaincyclingAbility
mage/constants/Duration.java
 mage.constants.Duration
mage/abilities/common/delayed/PactDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.PactDelayedTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.PactEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileTop3MayPlayUntilEndOfTurnEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileTop3MayPlayUntilEndOfTurnEffect
mage/util/ThreadLocalStringBuilder.java
 mage.util.ThreadLocalStringBuilder
mage/game/permanent/token/WurmWithLifelinkToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WurmWithLifelinkToken
mage/choices/ChoiceLandType.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceLandType
mage/cards/repository/ExpansionRepository.java
 mage.cards.repository.ExpansionRepository
mage/abilities/effects/common/DoIfClashWonEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DoIfClashWonEffect
mage/game/draft/RateCard.java
 mage.game.draft.RateCard
 mage.game.draft.RateCard$1
mage/actions/score/ScoringConstants.java
 mage.actions.score.ScoringConstants
mage/constants/SubTypeSet.java
 mage.constants.SubTypeSet
mage/game/turn/Phase.java
 mage.game.turn.Phase
 mage.game.turn.Phase$1
mage/game/permanent/PermanentCard.java
 mage.game.permanent.PermanentCard
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardTypesInGraveyardCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardTypesInGraveyardCount
mage/game/turn/CombatDamageStep.java
 mage.game.turn.CombatDamageStep
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceIsSpellCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceIsSpellCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/DeathpactAngelToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DeathpactAngelToken
mage/util/functions/Function.java
 mage.util.functions.Function
mage/abilities/common/OnEventTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.OnEventTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/ManaWasSpentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ManaWasSpentCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CreaturesBecomeOtherTypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CreaturesBecomeOtherTypeEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/ConvertedManaCostParityPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.ConvertedManaCostParityPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/CrewsVehicleSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CrewsVehicleSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/FaceDownSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.FaceDownSourceCondition
mage/game/command/Plane.java
 mage.game.command.Plane
mage/abilities/keyword/EnchantAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EnchantAbility
mage/watchers/common/LandfallWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.LandfallWatcher
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/costs/common/GainLifeOpponentCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.GainLifeOpponentCost
mage/abilities/keyword/SoulshiftAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SoulshiftAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/InsectInfectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.InsectInfectToken
mage/game/permanent/token/CrestedSunmareToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CrestedSunmareToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseModeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseModeEffect
mage/abilities/mana/ManaOptions.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ManaOptions
mage/game/permanent/token/SoundTheCallToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SoundTheCallToken
mage/util/ClassScanner.java
 mage.util.ClassScanner
mage/abilities/common/BecomesTappedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesTappedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/AvatarToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AvatarToken
 mage.game.permanent.token.AvatarTokenEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/RenownAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BecomesRenownedSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.RenownAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/CurseOfTheSwineBoarToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CurseOfTheSwineBoarToken
mage/game/permanent/token/GrakmawSkyclaveRavagerHydraToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GrakmawSkyclaveRavagerHydraToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/FlippedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.FlippedCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByMoreThanOneSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByMoreThanOneSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByMoreThanOneSourceEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/AmplifyEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AmplifyEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AmplifyEffect$AmplifyFactor
mage/game/permanent/token/SquirrelToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SquirrelToken
mage/filter/predicate/other/ExpansionSetPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.ExpansionSetPredicate
mage/actions/MageLoseGameAction.java
 mage.actions.MageLoseGameAction
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CastAsThoughItHadFlashAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CastAsThoughItHadFlashAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/SplinterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SplinterToken
mage/game/tournament/Round.java
 mage.game.tournament.Round
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/MaximumHandSizeControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.MaximumHandSizeControllerEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.MaximumHandSizeControllerEffect$1
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.MaximumHandSizeControllerEffect$HandSizeModification
mage/abilities/common/SkipUntapOptionalAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SkipUntapOptionalAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainProtectionFromColorAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainProtectionFromColorAllEffect
mage/abilities/mana/TriggeredManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.TriggeredManaAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileSourceUnlessPaysEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileSourceUnlessPaysEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/AshiokNightmareMuseToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AshiokNightmareMuseToken
 mage.game.permanent.token.AshiokNightmareMuseTokenEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/GreatestToughnessAmongControlledCreaturesValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.GreatestToughnessAmongControlledCreaturesValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LookAtTopCardOfLibraryAnyTimeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LookAtTopCardOfLibraryAnyTimeEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/MillCardsCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.MillCardsCost
mage/game/permanent/token/SoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SoldierToken
mage/target/common/TargetPermanentOrPlayer.java
 mage.target.common.TargetPermanentOrPlayer
mage/game/events/TableEvent.java
 mage.game.events.TableEvent
 mage.game.events.TableEvent$EventType
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityWithAttachmentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityWithAttachmentEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/RiptideReplicatorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RiptideReplicatorToken
mage/game/command/emblems/HuatliRadiantChampionEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.HuatliRadiantChampionEmblem
mage/players/PlayerType.java
 mage.players.PlayerType
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageAttachedControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageAttachedControllerEffect
mage/game/events/DamagedBatchEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedBatchEvent
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageToAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageToAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/BlocksThisTurnMarkerAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BlocksThisTurnMarkerAbility
mage/util/GameLog.java
 mage.util.GameLog
mage/abilities/common/SacrificePermanentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SacrificePermanentTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/GetEnergyCountersControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.GetEnergyCountersControllerEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/WolfsQuarryToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WolfsQuarryToken
mage/game/permanent/token/AngelWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AngelWarriorToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/AttachedPermanentToughnessValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.AttachedPermanentToughnessValue
mage/filter/FilterInPlay.java
 mage.filter.FilterInPlay
mage/game/command/emblems/TezzeretTheSchemerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.TezzeretTheSchemerEmblem
mage/abilities/keyword/MiracleAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MiracleAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.MiracleEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/TemptWithVengeanceElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TemptWithVengeanceElementalToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryGraveyardWithLessCMCPutIntoPlay.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryGraveyardWithLessCMCPutIntoPlay
mage/game/command/emblems/ElspethKnightErrantEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ElspethKnightErrantEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/CopyPermanentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CopyPermanentEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/IsPhaseCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.IsPhaseCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/AttacksIfAbleSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.AttacksIfAbleSourceEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/ProwlAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ProwlAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/SurvivorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SurvivorToken
mage/game/events/DamagedCreatureEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedCreatureEvent
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/TargetPermanentPowerCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.TargetPermanentPowerCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseExpansionSetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseExpansionSetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/RenownedWeaverSpiderToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RenownedWeaverSpiderToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/MustBeBlockedByTargetSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.MustBeBlockedByTargetSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GreenAndWhiteElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GreenAndWhiteElementalToken
mage/game/mulligan/MulliganType.java
 mage.game.mulligan.MulliganType
 mage.game.mulligan.MulliganType$1
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/PlaneswalkerCastManaCondition.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.PlaneswalkerCastManaCondition
mage/game/draft/BoosterDraft.java
 mage.game.draft.BoosterDraft
mage/abilities/condition/common/OpponentControlsMoreCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OpponentControlsMoreCondition
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsInControllerGraveyardCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsInControllerGraveyardCount
mage/abilities/common/BlocksAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BlocksAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellCostReductionForEachSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellCostReductionForEachSourceEffect
mage/game/events/DamagedPlaneswalkerEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedPlaneswalkerEvent
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldThisOrAnotherTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldThisOrAnotherTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/MowuToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MowuToken
mage/game/turn/PreCombatMainPhase.java
 mage.game.turn.PreCombatMainPhase
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileSpellEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardSubtypeAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardSubtypeAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/KioraKrakenToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KioraKrakenToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToBattlefieldUnderOwnerControlAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToBattlefieldUnderOwnerControlAttachedEffect
mage/game/events/GameEvent.java
 mage.game.events.GameEvent
 mage.game.events.GameEvent$EventType
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/ElementalMasteryElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElementalMasteryElementalToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ArtifactYouControlCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ArtifactYouControlCount
mage/game/permanent/token/KherKeepKoboldToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KherKeepKoboldToken
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ColorlessManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ColorlessManaCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/PhaseOutAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PhaseOutAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ColoredManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ColoredManaCost
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ColoredManaCost$1
mage/choices/ChoiceLeftOrRight.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceLeftOrRight
mage/cards/LevelerCard.java
 mage.cards.LevelerCard
mage/cards/decks/PennyDreadfulLegalityUtil.java
 mage.cards.decks.PennyDreadfulLegalityUtil
mage/constants/EnterEventType.java
 mage.constants.EnterEventType
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageWithPowerFromSourceToAnotherTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageWithPowerFromSourceToAnotherTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/WarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WarriorToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/TapAttachedCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.TapAttachedCost
mage/abilities/costs/mana/AlternateManaPaymentAbility.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.AlternateManaPaymentAbility
mage/game/tournament/TournamentOptions.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentOptions
mage/abilities/condition/CompoundCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.CompoundCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/CatWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CatWarriorToken
mage/target/common/TargetOpponentsCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetOpponentsCreaturePermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackYouUnlessPayManaAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackYouUnlessPayManaAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PhaseOutSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PhaseOutSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandFromBattlefieldAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandFromBattlefieldAllEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/CastFromEverywhereSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CastFromEverywhereSourceCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/ThopterColorlessToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ThopterColorlessToken
mage/constants/CostModificationType.java
 mage.constants.CostModificationType
mage/abilities/condition/common/OneOpponentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OneOpponentCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageToSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageToSourceEffect
mage/abilities/mana/ConditionalManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ConditionalManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/MinotaurToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MinotaurToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/TargetPermanenToughnessValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.TargetPermanenToughnessValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipUntapOptionalSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipUntapOptionalSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/UtvaraHellkiteDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.UtvaraHellkiteDragonToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/MayTapOrUntapTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.MayTapOrUntapTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/AssistAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AssistAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.AssistEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.AssistSpecialAction
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/ChosenSubtypePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.ChosenSubtypePredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/WitherAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.WitherAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CreaturesDiedThisTurnCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CreaturesDiedThisTurnCount
mage/game/turn/DeclareAttackersStep.java
 mage.game.turn.DeclareAttackersStep
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandChosenControlledPermanentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandChosenControlledPermanentEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/SatyrCantBlockToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SatyrCantBlockToken
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureForAttack.java
 mage.filter.common.CanTapPredicate
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureForAttack
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SourcePermanentPowerCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SourcePermanentPowerCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAllCreatureTypesAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAllCreatureTypesAttachedEffect
mage/game/turn/UpkeepStep.java
 mage.game.turn.UpkeepStep
mage/game/permanent/PermanentImpl.java
 mage.game.permanent.PermanentImpl
 mage.game.permanent.PermanentImpl$MarkedDamageInfo
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipCombatStepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipCombatStepEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapInPlayersNextUntapStepAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInPlayersNextUntapStepAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeOpponentsUnlessPayEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeOpponentsUnlessPayEffect
mage/util/TargetAddress.java
 mage.util.TargetAddress
 mage.util.TargetAddress$TargetAddressIterable
 mage.util.TargetAddress$TargetAddressIterator
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/FatefulHourCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.FatefulHourCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/DoUnlessTargetPlayerOrTargetsControllerPaysEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DoUnlessTargetPlayerOrTargetsControllerPaysEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/TeferiTemporalArchmageEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.TeferiTemporalArchmageEmblem
mage/game/events/ExternalEvent.java
 mage.game.events.ExternalEvent
mage/abilities/costs/common/PutSourceOnBottomOwnerLibraryCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PutSourceOnBottomOwnerLibraryCost
mage/abilities/keyword/ImproviseAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ImproviseAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ImproviseEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ImproviseSpecialAction
mage/abilities/condition/common/OnOpponentsTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OnOpponentsTurnCondition
mage/abilities/mana/BlackManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.BlackManaAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyAllControlledTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyAllControlledTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/turn/ControlTargetPlayerNextTurnEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.turn.ControlTargetPlayerNextTurnEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/UnicornToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.UnicornToken
mage/game/events/DamagedPlaneswalkerBatchEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedPlaneswalkerBatchEvent
mage/abilities/common/SpellCounteredControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SpellCounteredControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/EvokeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EvokeAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CantGainLifeAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CantGainLifeAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CantGainLifeAllEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/TapTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TapTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAbilityOrAnotherAbilityTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAbilityOrAnotherAbilityTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/MorbidCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MorbidCondition
mage/target/targetadjustment/XCMCGraveyardAdjuster.java
 mage.target.targetadjustment.XCMCGraveyardAdjuster
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldUntappedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldUntappedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/events/CreateTokenEvent.java
 mage.game.events.CreateTokenEvent
mage/abilities/costs/common/RevealTargetFromHandCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RevealTargetFromHandCost
mage/abilities/keyword/HasteAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HasteAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/PoisonousAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AddPoisonCountersEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.PoisonousAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/SoldierLifelinkToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SoldierLifelinkToken
mage/abilities/keyword/ExtortAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExtortAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExtortEffect
mage/Mana.java
 mage.Mana
 mage.Mana$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/GainLifeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.GainLifeEffect
mage/target/common/TargetCardInHand.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInHand
mage/cards/ModalDoubleFacesCardHalfImpl.java
 mage.cards.ModalDoubleFacesCardHalfImpl
mage/abilities/keyword/IndestructibleAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.IndestructibleAbility
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/WolfToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WolfToken
mage/game/permanent/token/SeedGuardianToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SeedGuardianToken
mage/watchers/common/MorbidWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.MorbidWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeRegeneratedSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeRegeneratedSourceEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/OpponentLostLifeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OpponentLostLifeCondition
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OpponentLostLifeCondition$1
mage/abilities/keyword/SunburstAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SunburstAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SunburstEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/SacrificeAttachedCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.SacrificeAttachedCost
mage/abilities/condition/common/FerociousCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.FerociousCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/JoinTheRanksSoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.JoinTheRanksSoldierToken
mage/game/result/ResultProtos.java
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$GlickoRatingProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$GlickoRatingProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$GlickoRatingProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$GlickoRatingProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchOptionsProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchOptionsProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchOptionsProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchOptionsProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchPlayerProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchPlayerProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchPlayerProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchPlayerProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchQuitStatus
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$MatchQuitStatus$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$SkillLevel
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$SkillLevel$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TableProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TableProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TableProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TableProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyPlayerProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyPlayerProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyPlayerProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyPlayerProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyQuitStatus
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyQuitStatus$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyRoundProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyRoundProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyRoundProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$TourneyRoundProtoOrBuilder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$UserStatsProto
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$UserStatsProto$1
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$UserStatsProto$Builder
 mage.game.result.ResultProtos$UserStatsProtoOrBuilder
mage/filter/FilterPermanent.java
 mage.filter.FilterPermanent
mage/abilities/costs/common/RemoveVariableCountersTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RemoveVariableCountersTargetCost
mage/abilities/keyword/ProwessAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ProwessAbility
mage/filter/common/FilterUntappedCreature.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterUntappedCreature
mage/abilities/keyword/PlainscyclingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.PlainscyclingAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/RedElementalWithTrampleAndHaste.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RedElementalWithTrampleAndHaste
mage/abilities/effects/common/RedirectDamageFromSourceToTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RedirectDamageFromSourceToTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/TokenImpl.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TokenImpl
 mage.game.permanent.token.TokenImpl$Type
mage/abilities/effects/common/RummageEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RummageEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/PlainswalkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.PlainswalkAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/HellbentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.HellbentCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/InexorableBlobOozeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.InexorableBlobOozeToken
mage/game/tournament/TournamentType.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentType
mage/watchers/common/PlayersAttackedThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayersAttackedThisTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/OpponentsLostLifeCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.OpponentsLostLifeCount
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/AdventurePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.AdventurePredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/GainActivatedAbilitiesOfTopCardEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.GainActivatedAbilitiesOfTopCardEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PincherToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PincherToken
mage/game/permanent/token/BirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BirdToken
mage/game/command/emblems/AjaniSteadfastEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.AjaniSteadfastEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.AjaniSteadfastPreventEffect
mage/abilities/common/delayed/ReflexiveTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.ReflexiveTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/HexproofFromWhiteAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HexproofFromWhiteAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/WolfTokenWithDeathtouch.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WolfTokenWithDeathtouch
mage/abilities/effects/common/BalanceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.BalanceEffect
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/PermanentIdPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.PermanentIdPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/EnchantedTargetCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EnchantedTargetCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/WizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WizardToken
mage/watchers/common/CommanderInfoWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CommanderInfoWatcher
mage/watchers/common/BlockedAttackerWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.BlockedAttackerWatcher
mage/abilities/keyword/AuraSwapAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AuraSwapAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.AuraSwapEffect
mage/constants/AttachmentType.java
 mage.constants.AttachmentType
mage/abilities/effects/ContinuousEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousEffect
mage/abilities/hint/Hint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.Hint
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleHandGraveyardAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleHandGraveyardAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ClueArtifactToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ClueArtifactToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/FlipUntilLoseEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.FlipUntilLoseEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAbilitySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAbilitySourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PhyrexianRebirthHorrorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PhyrexianRebirthHorrorToken
mage/game/permanent/token/ReflectionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReflectionToken
mage/target/common/TargetCreaturePermanentAmount.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreaturePermanentAmount
mage/cards/basiclands/Island.java
 mage.cards.basiclands.Island
mage/game/command/planes/UndercityReachesPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.UndercityReachesPlane
 mage.game.command.planes.UndercityReachesTriggeredAbility
mage/util/Copyable.java
 mage.util.Copyable
mage/abilities/condition/common/BuybackCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.BuybackCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/CatToken3.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CatToken3
mage/abilities/effects/Effect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.Effect
mage/abilities/keyword/SwampwalkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SwampwalkAbility
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldOrAttacksSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldOrAttacksSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/choices/ChoiceBasicLandType.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceBasicLandType
mage/ObjectColor.java
 mage.ObjectColor
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/TargetConvertedManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.TargetConvertedManaCost
mage/game/permanent/token/HunterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HunterToken
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/AttachmentAttachedToCardTypePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.AttachmentAttachedToCardTypePredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/BeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BeastToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/BlockedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.BlockedPredicate
mage/watchers/common/CardsDrawnThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CardsDrawnThisTurnWatcher
mage/target/common/TargetControlledPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetControlledPermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/PestToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PestToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/PermanentHasCounterCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.PermanentHasCounterCondition
mage/filter/common/FilterInstantSpell.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterInstantSpell
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapInControllersUntapStepEnchantedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInControllersUntapStepEnchantedEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/FormidableCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.FormidableCondition
mage/cards/repository/CardInfo.java
 mage.cards.repository.CardInfo
 mage.cards.repository.CardInfo$ManaCostSide
mage/abilities/common/ActivateOnlyByOpponentActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ActivateOnlyByOpponentActivatedAbility
mage/abilities/costs/OptionalAdditionalCostImpl.java
 mage.abilities.costs.OptionalAdditionalCostImpl
mage/game/permanent/token/SkywiseTeachingsToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SkywiseTeachingsToken
mage/abilities/keyword/ChangelingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ChangelingAbility
mage/game/tournament/TournamentSealedOptions.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentSealedOptions
mage/game/permanent/token/GodSireBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GodSireBeastToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttackedThisStepCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttackedThisStepCondition
mage/abilities/common/DrawCardOpponentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DrawCardOpponentTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GiantBirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GiantBirdToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/ReturnToHandChosenControlledPermanentCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ReturnToHandChosenControlledPermanentCost
mage/game/permanent/token/WaylayToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WaylayToken
mage/abilities/common/BlocksOrBecomesBlockedSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BlocksOrBecomesBlockedSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/IntCompareCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.IntCompareCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/ZombieToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ZombieToken2
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackBlockUnlessPaysAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackBlockUnlessPaysAttachedEffect
mage/filter/StaticFilters.java
 mage.filter.StaticFilters
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheEndOfCombatDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheEndOfCombatDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/cards/mock/MockSplitCardHalf.java
 mage.cards.mock.MockSplitCardHalf
mage/abilities/effects/common/PermanentsEnterBattlefieldTappedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PermanentsEnterBattlefieldTappedEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/CommanderInPlayCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CommanderInPlayCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/HippoToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HippoToken2
mage/abilities/effects/common/CopySpellForEachItCouldTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CompoundFilter
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CopySpellForEachItCouldTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TargetWithAdditionalFilter
mage/players/net/UserSkipPrioritySteps.java
 mage.players.net.UserSkipPrioritySteps
mage/abilities/costs/CostImpl.java
 mage.abilities.costs.CostImpl
mage/abilities/effects/common/RevealLibraryPutIntoHandEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealLibraryPutIntoHandEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealLibraryPutIntoHandEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/GoblinScoutsToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoblinScoutsToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapInControllersUntapStepAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInControllersUntapStepAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInControllersUntapStepAllEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/DragonTokenGold.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DragonTokenGold
mage/abilities/common/CastCommanderAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CastCommanderAbility
mage/target/common/TargetSpellOrPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetSpellOrPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapAllLandsControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapAllLandsControllerEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/ForestwalkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ForestwalkAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttackedThisTurnSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttackedThisTurnSourceCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/LookAtTargetPlayerHandEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LookAtTargetPlayerHandEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CreateTokenTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CreateTokenTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/TitaniaProtectorOfArgothElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TitaniaProtectorOfArgothElementalToken
mage/abilities/common/OpponentPlaysLandTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.OpponentPlaysLandTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GriffinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GriffinToken
mage/abilities/keyword/CantAttackAloneAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CantAttackAloneAbility
mage/game/command/emblems/LilianaTheLastHopeEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.LilianaTheLastHopeEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.LilianaZombiesCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageToAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageToAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostSourceWhileControlsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostSourceWhileControlsEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellsCostIncreasingAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostIncreasingAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostIncreasingAllEffect$1
mage/filter/predicate/ObjectPlayer.java
 mage.filter.predicate.ObjectPlayer
mage/game/permanent/token/OutlawsMerrimentClericToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OutlawsMerrimentClericToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/PlayAdditionalLandsControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.PlayAdditionalLandsControllerEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/TwoOrMoreSpellsWereCastLastTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TwoOrMoreSpellsWereCastLastTurnCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/KrakenToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KrakenToken
mage/abilities/keyword/BattleCryAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BattleCryAbility
mage/abilities/common/PassAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PassAbility
mage/game/Table.java
 mage.game.Table
 mage.game.Table$TableRecorder
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellsCostModificationThatTargetSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostModificationThatTargetSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostModificationThatTargetSourceEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/CatBirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CatBirdToken
mage/abilities/common/CycleTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CycleTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/BrudicladTelchorMyrToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BrudicladTelchorMyrToken
mage/game/permanent/token/MercyKillingToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MercyKillingToken
mage/abilities/common/CantHaveMoreThanAmountCountersSourceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CantHaveMoreThanAmountCountersSourceAbility
 mage.abilities.common.CantHaveMoreThanAmountCountersSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifeAllPlayersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifeAllPlayersEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/AmplifyAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AmplifyAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SwitchPowerToughnessSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SwitchPowerToughnessSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardSubTypeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardSubTypeTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/NoSpellsWereCastLastTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.NoSpellsWereCastLastTurnCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/BlocksIfAbleTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.BlocksIfAbleTargetEffect
mage/game/events/FlipCoinEvent.java
 mage.game.events.FlipCoinEvent
mage/abilities/keyword/SpliceOntoInstantOrSorceryAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SpliceOntoInstantOrSorceryAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SpliceOntoInstantOrSorceryEffect
mage/abilities/common/DiesSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DiesSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/filter/common/FilterPermanentOrPlayer.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPermanentOrPlayer
mage/game/permanent/token/MyrToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MyrToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ColorAssignment.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ColorAssignment
mage/abilities/effects/common/EpicEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.EpicEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.EpicPushEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.EpicReplacementEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/NahiriTheLithomancerEquipmentToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.NahiriTheLithomancerEquipmentToken
mage/abilities/common/CycleControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CycleControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/PongifyApeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PongifyApeToken
mage/abilities/keyword/LevelUpAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.LevelUpAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ManaSpentToCastCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ManaSpentToCastCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddPlusOneCountersAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddPlusOneCountersAttachedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ElementalTokenWithHaste.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElementalTokenWithHaste
mage/game/command/emblems/ChandraTorchOfDefianceEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ChandraTorchOfDefianceEmblem
mage/game/command/emblems/DackFaydenEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.DackFaydenEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.DackFaydenEmblemEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.DackFaydenEmblemTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainProtectionFromColorTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainProtectionFromColorTargetEffect
mage/watchers/common/WasBlockedThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.WasBlockedThisTurnWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/VoiceOfResurgenceToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.VoiceOfResurgenceToken
mage/abilities/common/DealtDamageAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealtDamageAttachedTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.DealtDamageAttachedTriggeredAbility$1
mage/target/targetpointer/SecondTargetPointer.java
 mage.target.targetpointer.SecondTargetPointer
mage/filter/common/FilterAttackingOrBlockingCreature.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterAttackingOrBlockingCreature
mage/abilities/common/LeavesBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.LeavesBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.LeavesBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/filter/common/FilterControlledCreatureInPlay.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterControlledCreatureInPlay
mage/game/permanent/token/WurmWithTrampleToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WurmWithTrampleToken
mage/game/permanent/token/OonaQueenFaerieRogueToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OonaQueenFaerieRogueToken
mage/game/permanent/token/FrogToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FrogToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/TapTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.TapTargetCost
mage/watchers/common/CastSpellYourLastTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CastSpellYourLastTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/MorphManacostVariableValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.MorphManacostVariableValue
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceAttackingCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceAttackingCondition
mage/filter/common/FilterBasicLandCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterBasicLandCard
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/RemovedCountersForCostValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.RemovedCountersForCostValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeAllEffect
mage/cards/repository/DatabaseVersion.java
 mage.cards.repository.DatabaseVersion
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackControllerAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackControllerAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToAPlayerAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToAPlayerAttachedTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToAPlayerAttachedTriggeredAbility$1
mage/cards/SplitCardHalfImpl.java
 mage.cards.SplitCardHalfImpl
mage/abilities/effects/common/LookLibraryAndPickControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LookLibraryAndPickControllerEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LookLibraryAndPickControllerEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/asthought/PlayFromNotOwnHandZoneAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.asthought.PlayFromNotOwnHandZoneAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.asthought.PlayFromNotOwnHandZoneAllEffect$1
mage/game/match/MatchImpl.java
 mage.game.match.MatchImpl
mage/game/draft/Draft.java
 mage.game.draft.Draft
mage/abilities/common/SimpleStaticAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SimpleStaticAbility
mage/counters/Counters.java
 mage.counters.Counters
mage/cards/decks/CardNameUtil.java
 mage.cards.decks.CardNameUtil
mage/abilities/common/BecomesExertSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesExertSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainControlAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainControlAllEffect
mage/abilities/common/BecomesTappedAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesTappedAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/RebelToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RebelToken
mage/game/permanent/token/DjinnToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DjinnToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainProtectionFromTypeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainProtectionFromTypeTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DovescapeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DovescapeToken
mage/game/permanent/token/DarettiConstructToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DarettiConstructToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByOneAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByOneAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByOneAllEffect$1
mage/abilities/common/EnchantedPlayerAttackedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EnchantedPlayerAttackedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/command/emblems/SarkhanTheDragonspeakerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.SarkhanTheDragonspeakerEmblem
mage/abilities/common/DealtDamageAndDiedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealtDamageAndDiedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseOpponentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseOpponentEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/RevealSourceFromYourHandCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RevealSourceFromYourHandCost
mage/game/command/planes/FeedingGroundsPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.FeedingGroundsEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.FeedingGroundsPlane
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/AnotherEnchantedPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.AnotherEnchantedPredicate
mage/game/turn/Step.java
 mage.game.turn.Step
 mage.game.turn.Step$StepPart
mage/abilities/condition/common/PlayLandCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.PlayLandCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/RitualOfTheReturnedZombieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RitualOfTheReturnedZombieToken
mage/game/permanent/token/ReignOfThePitToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReignOfThePitToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/PayEnergyCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PayEnergyCost
mage/game/permanent/token/VolrathsLaboratoryToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.VolrathsLaboratoryToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CreaturesCantGetOrHaveAbilityEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CreaturesCantGetOrHaveAbilityEffect
mage/game/command/planes/AstralArenaPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.AstralArenaAttackRestrictionEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.AstralArenaBlockRestrictionEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.AstralArenaPlane
mage/game/permanent/token/RedElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RedElementalToken
mage/watchers/common/CreatureWasCastWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CreatureWasCastWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/DiscardOntoBattlefieldEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DiscardOntoBattlefieldEffect
mage/target/TargetAmount.java
 mage.target.TargetAmount
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetToughnessSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetToughnessSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/ControllerAssignCombatDamageToBlockersAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ControllerAssignCombatDamageToBlockersAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/DroidToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DroidToken
mage/game/command/emblems/TamiyoTheMoonSageEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.TamiyoTheMoonSageEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/GoadTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.GoadTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/CitizenToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CitizenToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesAllBasicsControlledEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesAllBasicsControlledEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesFaceDownCreatureAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesFaceDownCreatureAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesFaceDownCreatureAllEffect$1
mage/game/events/CoinFlippedEvent.java
 mage.game.events.CoinFlippedEvent
mage/abilities/keyword/FadingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FadingAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.FadingEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/InfectAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.InfectAbility
mage/abilities/hint/common/FerociousHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.FerociousHint
mage/abilities/AbilitiesImpl.java
 mage.abilities.AbilitiesImpl
mage/cards/decks/exporter/MtgArenaDeckExporterTest.java
 mage.cards.decks.exporter.MtgArenaDeckExporterTest
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageSelfEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageSelfEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/TargetHasSubtypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TargetHasSubtypeCondition
mage/filter/common/FilterOtherCreatureSharingCreatureSubtype.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterOtherCreatureSharingCreatureSubtype
mage/cards/mock/MockSplitCard.java
 mage.cards.mock.MockSplitCard
mage/abilities/effects/SearchEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.SearchEffect
mage/choices/ChoiceColorOrArtifact.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceColorOrArtifact
mage/watchers/common/CardsAmountDrawnThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CardsAmountDrawnThisTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/hint/common/PartyCountHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.PartyCountHint
mage/abilities/costs/AlternativeSourceCosts.java
 mage.abilities.costs.AlternativeSourceCosts
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageByAllObjectsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageByAllObjectsEffect
mage/abilities/common/AttacksTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksTriggeredAbility$1
mage/target/common/TargetArtifactPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetArtifactPermanent
mage/game/match/MatchType.java
 mage.game.match.MatchType
mage/abilities/costs/common/DiscardXTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.DiscardXTargetCost
mage/target/targetpointer/FixedTargets.java
 mage.target.targetpointer.FixedTargets
mage/game/permanent/token/SpiritToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpiritToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToBattlefieldUnderYourControlAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToBattlefieldUnderYourControlAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseArtifactTypeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseArtifactTypeTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseArtifactTypeTargetEffect$1
mage/filter/common/FilterControlledArtifactPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterControlledArtifactPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DoWhenCostPaid.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DoWhenCostPaid
mage/abilities/effects/common/replacement/CreateTwiceThatManyTokensEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.replacement.CreateTwiceThatManyTokensEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GarrukCursedHuntsmanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GarrukCursedHuntsmanToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/BecomeBlockedTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.BecomeBlockedTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/EnchantedSourceCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EnchantedSourceCondition
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/AmassEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.AmassEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/AttacksIfAbleTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.AttacksIfAbleTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/IntimidateAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.IntimidateAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.IntimidateEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/DomriChaosBringerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.DomriChaosBringerEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyEquippedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyEquippedEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsInAllGraveyardsCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsInAllGraveyardsCount
mage/filter/common/FilterArtifactPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterArtifactPermanent
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsInTargetHandCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsInTargetHandCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/RevealTopLandToBattlefieldElseHandEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealTopLandToBattlefieldElseHandEffect
mage/game/draft/DraftOptions.java
 mage.game.draft.DraftOptions
 mage.game.draft.DraftOptions$TimingOption
mage/game/permanent/token/SubterraneanTremorsLizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SubterraneanTremorsLizardToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleLibraryTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleLibraryTargetEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterEnchantmentPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterEnchantmentPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToBattlefieldUnderYourControlTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToBattlefieldUnderYourControlTargetEffect
mage/watchers/common/DamageDoneWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.DamageDoneWatcher
 mage.watchers.common.DamageDoneWatcher$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardHandControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardHandControllerEffect
mage/abilities/common/WhileSearchingPlayFromLibraryAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.WhileSearchingPlayFromLibraryAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceHasRemainedInSameZoneCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceHasRemainedInSameZoneCondition
mage/game/command/emblems/GarrukUnleashedEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.GarrukUnleashedEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToBattlefieldUnderOwnerControlSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToBattlefieldUnderOwnerControlSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToBattlefieldUnderOwnerControlSourceEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/TuktukTheReturnedToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TuktukTheReturnedToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseSecretOpponentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseSecretOpponentEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/VraskaGolgariQueenEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.VraskaGolgariQueenEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnCreatureFromGraveyardToBattlefieldAndGainHasteEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnCreatureFromGraveyardToBattlefieldAndGainHasteEffect
mage/target/common/TargetTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.target.common.TargetTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/DokaiWeaverofLifeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DokaiWeaverofLifeToken
mage/game/GameException.java
 mage.game.GameException
mage/abilities/keyword/AwakenAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AwakenAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.AwakenAbility$1
 mage.abilities.keyword.AwakenAbility$AwakenEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.AwakenElementalToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/SetPlayerLifeSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SetPlayerLifeSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/BrokenVisageSpiritToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BrokenVisageSpiritToken
mage/abilities/keyword/CompanionAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CompanionAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/PartnerWithAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.PartnerWithAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.PartnersWithSearchEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/TeferiHeroOfDominariaEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.TeferiHeroOfDominariaEmblem
mage/cards/mock/MockAbility.java
 mage.cards.mock.MockAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifeSourceControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifeSourceControllerEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ApeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ApeToken
mage/game/events/DamagePlayerEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagePlayerEvent
mage/abilities/effects/common/FortifyEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.FortifyEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/ActivateAbilitiesAnyTimeYouCouldCastInstantEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.ActivateAbilitiesAnyTimeYouCouldCastInstantEffect
mage/watchers/common/ManaSpentToCastWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.ManaSpentToCastWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/HeliodGodOfTheSunToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HeliodGodOfTheSunToken
mage/game/turn/EndOfCombatStep.java
 mage.game.turn.EndOfCombatStep
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/DynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.DynamicValue
mage/game/command/emblems/JaceUnravelerOfSecretsEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.JaceUnravelerOfSecretsEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.JaceUnravelerOfSecretsTriggeredAbility
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/SharesColorWithSourcePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.SharesColorWithSourcePredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/AvatarToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AvatarToken2
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/EchoEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.EchoEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/MoveCountersTargetsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.MoveCountersTargetsEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipNextDrawStepControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipNextDrawStepControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesCreatureTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureTargetEffect$1
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalCostModificationEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalCostModificationEffect
mage/watchers/common/MiracleWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.MiracleWatcher
mage/game/events/NumberOfTriggersEvent.java
 mage.game.events.NumberOfTriggersEvent
mage/game/command/planes/BantPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.BantPlane
mage/util/functions/ApplyToPermanent.java
 mage.util.functions.ApplyToPermanent
mage/filter/common/FilterHistoricSpell.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterHistoricSpell
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityAllOfChosenSubtypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityAllOfChosenSubtypeEffect
mage/game/events/CostEvent.java
 mage.game.events.CostEvent
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/RemoveAllCountersSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.RemoveAllCountersSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/SpellCastAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.SpellCastAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.SpellCastAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/LizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.LizardToken
mage/abilities/keyword/RetraceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.RetraceAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/RemoveCountersAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.RemoveCountersAttachedEffect
mage/cards/decks/exporter/MtgArenaDeckExporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.exporter.MtgArenaDeckExporter
mage/filter/common/FilterInstantOrSorcerySpell.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterInstantOrSorcerySpell
mage/game/command/emblems/AurraSingBaneOfJediEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.AurraSingBaneOfJediEmblem
mage/game/turn/PostCombatMainStep.java
 mage.game.turn.PostCombatMainStep
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleHandIntoLibraryDrawThatManySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleHandIntoLibraryDrawThatManySourceEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/LandwalkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.LandwalkAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.LandwalkEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/CardsInControllerGraveyardCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInControllerGraveyardCondition
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ManaCosts.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaCosts
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetCardColorAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetCardColorAttachedEffect
mage/game/events/DamagedPlayerBatchEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedPlayerBatchEvent
mage/game/permanent/token/HumanWizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HumanWizardToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanAttackOnlyAloneEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanAttackOnlyAloneEffect
mage/abilities/mana/ManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ManaAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/MeleeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MeleeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.MeleeDynamicValue
 mage.abilities.keyword.MeleeWatcher
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/common/WinsCoinFlipTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.WinsCoinFlipTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/special/JohanVigilanceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.special.JohanVigilanceAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/Token.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.Token
mage/game/permanent/token/ElementalCatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElementalCatToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/CostModificationSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.CostModificationSourceEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceHasSubtypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceHasSubtypeCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/WaspToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WaspToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapAsLongAsSourceTappedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapAsLongAsSourceTappedEffect
mage/abilities/mana/ActivateIfConditionManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ActivateIfConditionManaAbility
mage/filter/common/FilterEnchantmentCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterEnchantmentCard
mage/watchers/common/PermanentsEnteredBattlefieldWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PermanentsEnteredBattlefieldWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseNewTargetsTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseNewTargetsTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DoIfCostPaid.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DoIfCostPaid
mage/abilities/keyword/VanishingSacrificeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.VanishingSacrificeAbility
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaInAnyCombinationEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaInAnyCombinationEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ConstructToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ConstructToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/IfAbilityHasResolvedXTimesEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.IfAbilityHasResolvedXTimesEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesAuraSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesAuraSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesAuraSourceEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/CreateTokenCopySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.CreateTokenCopySourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/TapAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TapAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/MoltenBirthElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MoltenBirthElementalToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/GoadAttachedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.GoadAttachedAbility
 mage.abilities.common.GoadAttackEffect
mage/abilities/common/PhaseInTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PhaseInTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/OviyaPashiriSageLifecrafterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OviyaPashiriSageLifecrafterToken
mage/game/permanent/token/RocEggToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RocEggToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventNextDamageFromChosenSourceToTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventNextDamageFromChosenSourceToTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/OxToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OxToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChangeATargetOfTargetSpellAbilityToSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChangeATargetOfTargetSpellAbilityToSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnSourceFromGraveyardToBattlefieldEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnSourceFromGraveyardToBattlefieldEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/AssassinToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AssassinToken2
mage/constants/EnlargeMode.java
 mage.constants.EnlargeMode
mage/abilities/keyword/UnearthAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.UnearthAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.UnearthDelayedTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.UnearthLeavesBattlefieldEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardHandTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardHandTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/SpaceflightAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SpaceFlightEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.SpaceflightAbility
mage/cards/basiclands/Swamp.java
 mage.cards.basiclands.Swamp
mage/cards/decks/Deck.java
 mage.cards.decks.Deck
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalRequirementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalRequirementEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/RollPlanarDieEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RollPlanarDieEffect
mage/abilities/effects/mana/DoUnlessAnyPlayerPaysManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.DoUnlessAnyPlayerPaysManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ruleModifying/PlayLandsFromGraveyardEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ruleModifying.PlayLandsFromGraveyardEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ParleyCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ParleyCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/PlayWithTheTopCardRevealedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.PlayWithTheTopCardRevealedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChoosePlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChoosePlayerEffect
mage/abilities/hint/common/GateYouControlHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.GateYouControlHint
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackBlockAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackBlockAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DrawCardAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawCardAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawCardAllEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/PorgToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PorgToken
mage/game/permanent/token/EldraziToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EldraziToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageByAllPermanentsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageByAllPermanentsEffect
mage/watchers/common/PlayerCastCreatureWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayerCastCreatureWatcher
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/MultikickerCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.MultikickerCount
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToACreatureTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToACreatureTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/costs/DynamicCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.DynamicCost
mage/abilities/costs/common/DiscardCardCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.DiscardCardCost
mage/filter/predicate/other/CastFromZonePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.CastFromZonePredicate
mage/abilities/ActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.ActivatedAbility
 mage.abilities.ActivatedAbility$ActivationStatus
mage/filter/predicate/Predicates.java
 mage.filter.predicate.Predicates
 mage.filter.predicate.Predicates$1
 mage.filter.predicate.Predicates$AndPredicate
 mage.filter.predicate.Predicates$NotPredicate
 mage.filter.predicate.Predicates$OrPredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/UndyingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.UndyingAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.UndyingEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ChooseCreatureTypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ChooseCreatureTypeEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/OwlToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OwlToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesColorTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesColorTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/EquippedHasSupertypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EquippedHasSupertypeCondition
mage/abilities/common/TapLandForManaAllTriggeredManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.TapLandForManaAllTriggeredManaAbility
mage/game/command/emblems/ObNixilisReignitedEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ObNixilisEmblemTriggeredAbility
 mage.game.command.emblems.ObNixilisReignitedEmblem
mage/game/permanent/token/ThrullToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ThrullToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SourcePermanentToughnessValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SourcePermanentToughnessValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/AffinityEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AffinityEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/DontLoseByZeroOrLessLifeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.DontLoseByZeroOrLessLifeEffect
mage/abilities/effects/RestrictionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.RestrictionEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryPutInHandOrOnBattlefieldEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryPutInHandOrOnBattlefieldEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/WinGameSourceControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.WinGameSourceControllerEffect
mage/constants/UseFirstManaAbilityMode.java
 mage.constants.UseFirstManaAbilityMode
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/DamagedPlayerThisTurnPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.DamagedPlayerThisTurnPredicate
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.DamagedPlayerThisTurnPredicate$1
mage/filter/common/FilterPlaneswalkerOrPlayer.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPlaneswalkerOrPlayer
mage/abilities/effects/common/EntersBattlefieldWithXCountersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.EntersBattlefieldWithXCountersEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PutOnLibraryTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PutOnLibraryTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PutOnLibraryTargetEffect$1
mage/game/permanent/token/MerfolkHexproofToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MerfolkHexproofToken
mage/game/permanent/token/HomunculusToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HomunculusToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/GainLifeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.GainLifeTargetEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterTeamCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterTeamCreaturePermanent
mage/constants/SpellAbilityType.java
 mage.constants.SpellAbilityType
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByCreaturesWithGreaterPowerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByCreaturesWithGreaterPowerEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/ChampionAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ChampionAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ChampionExileCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/DealtDamageToSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealtDamageToSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/RallyTheHordeWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RallyTheHordeWarriorToken
mage/util/RandomUtil.java
 mage.util.RandomUtil
mage/abilities/keyword/EscapeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EscapeAbility
mage/abilities/common/DealsCombatDamageToACreatureTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsCombatDamageToACreatureTriggeredAbility
mage/filter/predicate/other/OwnerIdPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.OwnerIdPredicate
mage/cards/basiclands/BasicLand.java
 mage.cards.basiclands.BasicLand
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaOfAnyColorEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaOfAnyColorEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/TrooperToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TrooperToken2
mage/abilities/costs/Costs.java
 mage.abilities.costs.Costs
mage/game/command/emblems/KothOfTheHammerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.KothOfTheHammerEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.KothOfTheHammerThirdEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.KothOfTheHammerThirdEffect$1
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SubTypeAssignment.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SubTypeAssignment
mage/abilities/effects/CastCardFromGraveyardThenExileItEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.CastCardFromGraveyardEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.CastCardFromGraveyardThenExileItEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.ExileReplacementEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/RevealSecretOpponentCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.RevealSecretOpponentCost
mage/game/permanent/token/BiogenicOozeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BiogenicOozeToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedAllEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceTappedBeforeUntapStepCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceTappedBeforeUntapStepCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/GoblinTrenchesToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoblinTrenchesToken
mage/game/permanent/token/RukhEggBirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RukhEggBirdToken
mage/cards/decks/DeckCardInfo.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckCardInfo
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/MustBeBlockedByAllTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.MustBeBlockedByAllTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GoblinWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoblinWarriorToken
mage/target/common/TargetAnyTargetAmount.java
 mage.target.common.TargetAnyTargetAmount
mage/abilities/keyword/MentorAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MentorAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.MentorAbilityPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeTargetedCardsGraveyardsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeTargetedCardsGraveyardsEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/NarsetTranscendentEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.NarsetTranscendentCantCastEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.NarsetTranscendentEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/PhaseOutAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PhaseOutAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackBlockUnlessPaysSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackBlockUnlessPaysSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/FleshCarverHorrorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FleshCarverHorrorToken
mage/abilities/abilityword/ConstellationAbility.java
 mage.abilities.abilityword.ConstellationAbility
mage/abilities/common/BecomesTargetControllerSpellTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesTargetControllerSpellTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/hint/ValueHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.ValueHint
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackAnyPlayerAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackAnyPlayerAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/LivingDeathEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LivingDeathEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/MasterOfWavesElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MasterOfWavesElementalToken
mage/abilities/keyword/ShadowAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ShadowAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ShadowEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/HourOfNeedSphinxToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HourOfNeedSphinxToken
mage/game/turn/BeginningPhase.java
 mage.game.turn.BeginningPhase
mage/game/mulligan/LondonMulligan.java
 mage.game.mulligan.LondonMulligan
mage/cards/ModalDoubleFacesCardHalf.java
 mage.cards.ModalDoubleFacesCardHalf
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyAllNamedPermanentsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyAllNamedPermanentsEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/ControlPermanentCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ControlPermanentCost
mage/abilities/condition/common/EquipmentAttachedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.EquipmentAttachedCondition
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CountersCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CountersCount
mage/util/TournamentUtil.java
 mage.util.TournamentUtil
mage/cards/decks/exporter/XmageInfoDeckExporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.exporter.XmageInfoDeckExporter
mage/abilities/costs/OptionalAdditionalSourceCosts.java
 mage.abilities.costs.OptionalAdditionalSourceCosts
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/GetXLoyaltyValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.GetXLoyaltyValue
mage/abilities/costs/common/PayVariableLoyaltyCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PayVariableLoyaltyCost
mage/game/command/emblems/VenserTheSojournerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.VenserTheSojournerEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.VenserTheSojournerSpellCastTriggeredAbility
mage/players/StubPlayer.java
 mage.players.StubPlayer
mage/abilities/keyword/LifelinkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.LifelinkAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/HideawayPlayEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.HideawayPlayEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/CrushOfTentaclesToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CrushOfTentaclesToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/StaticValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.StaticValue
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/AttackingCreatureCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.AttackingCreatureCount
mage/filter/predicate/other/PlayerIdPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.PlayerIdPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnFromGraveyardToHandTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnFromGraveyardToHandTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/RampageAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.RampageAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.RampageValue
mage/util/FastByteArrayOutputStream.java
 mage.util.FastByteArrayOutputStream
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfCombatTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfCombatTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfCombatTriggeredAbility$1
mage/game/CardState.java
 mage.game.CardState
mage/abilities/effects/PreventionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PreventionEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/Wurm55Token.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.Wurm55Token
mage/game/permanent/token/JaceCunningCastawayIllusionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.IllusionTokenTriggeredAbility
 mage.game.permanent.token.JaceCunningCastawayIllusionToken
mage/target/targetadjustment/XTargetsAdjuster.java
 mage.target.targetadjustment.XTargetsAdjuster
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostPairedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostPairedEffect
mage/abilities/text/TextPartColor.java
 mage.abilities.text.TextPartColor
mage/watchers/common/CreatureAttackedWhichPlayerWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CreatureAttackedWhichPlayerWatcher
mage/game/command/emblems/GarrukCursedHuntsmanEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.GarrukCursedHuntsmanEmblem
mage/game/permanent/token/MesmerizingBenthidToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MesmerizingBenthidToken
mage/MageObject.java
 mage.MageObject
mage/abilities/effects/common/MillCardsEachPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.MillCardsEachPlayerEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.MillCardsEachPlayerEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/mana/ManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.ManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToLibraryPermanentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToLibraryPermanentEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/RemoveFromCombatSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RemoveFromCombatSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/FoodToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FoodToken
mage/util/Copier.java
 mage.util.Copier
mage/abilities/condition/common/AnyPlayerControlsCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AnyPlayerControlsCondition
mage/game/permanent/PermanentToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.PermanentToken
mage/game/command/emblems/JaceTelepathUnboundEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.JaceTelepathUnboundEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesColorOrColorsTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesColorOrColorsTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/ReboundAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReboundAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReboundCastFromHandReplacementEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReboundCastSpellFromExileEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReboundEffectCastFromExileDelayedTrigger
mage/game/command/emblems/WillKenrithEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.WillKenrithEmblem
mage/watchers/common/SourceDidDamageWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.SourceDidDamageWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/WandOfTheElementsSecondToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WandOfTheElementsSecondToken
mage/game/permanent/token/TetraviteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TetraviteToken
 mage.game.permanent.token.TetraviteTokenEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterArtifactCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterArtifactCreaturePermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnFromGraveyardToBattlefieldTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnFromGraveyardToBattlefieldTargetEffect
mage/abilities/costs/VariableCostImpl.java
 mage.abilities.costs.VariableCostImpl
mage/game/GameInfo.java
 mage.game.GameInfo
mage/game/permanent/token/ExpansionSymbolToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ExpansionSymbolToken
mage/game/permanent/token/FreyaliseLlanowarsFuryToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FreyaliseLlanowarsFuryToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/LimitedDynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.LimitedDynamicValue
mage/game/permanent/token/AjanisPridemateToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AjanisPridemateToken
mage/game/permanent/token/DeserterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DeserterToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CantGainLifeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CantGainLifeTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/LockedInCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.LockedInCondition
mage/abilities/common/AttacksAloneTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksAloneTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesChosenCreatureTypeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesChosenCreatureTypeTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/CatSoldierCreatureToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CatSoldierCreatureToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/EquipmentAttachedCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.EquipmentAttachedCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanBlockAdditionalCreatureEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanBlockAdditionalCreatureEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/BoarToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BoarToken
mage/players/ManaPoolItem.java
 mage.players.ManaPoolItem
 mage.players.ManaPoolItem$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageToSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageToSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/BaruFistOfKrosaToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BaruFistOfKrosaToken
mage/abilities/keyword/DefenderAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DefenderAbility
mage/cards/decks/exporter/XmageDeckExporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.exporter.XmageDeckExporter
mage/abilities/condition/common/CardsInOpponentGraveyardCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInOpponentGraveyardCondition
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInOpponentGraveyardCondition$1
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInOpponentGraveyardCondition$CardsInOpponentGraveyardConditionHint
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToACreatureAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToACreatureAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SacrificeCostConvertedMana.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SacrificeCostConvertedMana
mage/abilities/keyword/PersistAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.PersistAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.PersistEffect
mage/abilities/common/BlocksSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BlocksSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/FesteringGoblinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FesteringGoblinToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddCountersAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddCountersAllEffect
mage/abilities/common/CastOnlyIfConditionIsTrueAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CastOnlyIfConditionIsTrueAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifeOpponentsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifeOpponentsEffect
mage/target/common/TargetNonlandPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetNonlandPermanent
mage/abilities/keyword/AffinityForArtifactsAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AffinityForArtifactsAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CreaturesYouControlCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CreaturesYouControlCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityControlledSpellsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityControlledSpellsEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/CardsInHandCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInHandCondition
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInHandCondition$1
mage/abilities/common/LegendarySpellAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.LegendarySpellAbility
 mage.abilities.common.LegendarySpellAbilityCheckEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/NotMyTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.NotMyTurnCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/HellionHasteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HellionHasteToken
mage/abilities/effects/RedirectionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.RedirectionEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.RedirectionEffect$1
 mage.abilities.effects.RedirectionEffect$UsageType
mage/game/permanent/token/CatBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CatBeastToken
mage/abilities/common/DealsCombatDamageTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsCombatDamageTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/SkeletonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SkeletonToken
mage/game/permanent/token/CentaurToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CentaurToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/BlockingOrBlockedBySourcePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.BlockingOrBlockedBySourcePredicate
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.BlockingOrBlockedBySourcePredicate$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipNextCombatEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipNextCombatEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/MageObjectReferencePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.MageObjectReferencePredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/AtlaPalaniToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AtlaPalaniToken
mage/watchers/common/PlayerAttackedWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayerAttackedWatcher
mage/abilities/costs/mana/SnowManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.SnowManaCost
mage/game/command/emblems/DovinBaanEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.DovinBaanCantUntapEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.DovinBaanEmblem
mage/abilities/SpellAbility.java
 mage.abilities.SpellAbility
 mage.abilities.SpellAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/CloudSpriteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CloudSpriteToken
mage/abilities/effects/ContinuousRuleModifyingEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousRuleModifyingEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileAndGainLifeEqualPowerTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileAndGainLifeEqualPowerTargetEffect
mage/constants/EffectType.java
 mage.constants.EffectType
mage/choices/ChoiceImpl.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceImpl
mage/abilities/effects/EquipEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.EquipEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceMatchesFilterCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceMatchesFilterCondition
mage/cards/Cards.java
 mage.cards.Cards
mage/constants/Planes.java
 mage.constants.Planes
mage/abilities/keyword/DoubleStrikeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DoubleStrikeAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/DefenderPlantToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DefenderPlantToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheBeginOfCombatDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfCombatDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventNextDamageFromChosenSourceToYouEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventNextDamageFromChosenSourceToYouEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/AttacksIfAbleTargetPlayerSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AttacksIfAbleTargetPlayerSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToOneOrMoreCreaturesTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToOneOrMoreCreaturesTriggeredAbility
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/HistoricPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.HistoricPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/TributeNotPaidCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TributeNotPaidCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/CribSwapShapeshifterWhiteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CribSwapShapeshifterWhiteToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileCardYouChooseTargetOpponentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileCardYouChooseTargetOpponentEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PutLibraryIntoGraveTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PutLibraryIntoGraveTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ZombieKnightToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ZombieKnightToken
mage/game/permanent/token/AkoumStonewakerElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AkoumStonewakerElementalToken
mage/constants/SubType.java
 mage.constants.SubType
 mage.constants.SubType$1
 mage.constants.SubType$SubTypePredicate
mage/abilities/common/PutIntoGraveFromBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PutIntoGraveFromBattlefieldAllTriggeredAbility
mage/designations/Monarch.java
 mage.designations.Monarch
 mage.designations.MonarchDealsCombatDamageToAPlayerTriggeredAbility
 mage.designations.MonarchDrawTriggeredAbility
mage/target/common/TargetAttackingOrBlockingCreature.java
 mage.target.common.TargetAttackingOrBlockingCreature
mage/game/events/EventSource.java
 mage.game.events.EventSource
mage/abilities/effects/common/RemoveDelayedTriggeredAbilityEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RemoveDelayedTriggeredAbilityEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceRemainsInZoneCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceRemainsInZoneCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseHalfLifeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseHalfLifeTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CommanderReplacementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CommanderReplacementEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CommanderReplacementEffect$1
mage/game/command/emblems/RowanKenrithEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.RowanKenrithEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.RowanKenrithEmblemEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.RowanKenrithEmblemTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeCounteredControlledEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeCounteredControlledEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/VoiceOfTheWoodsElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.VoiceOfTheWoodsElementalToken
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/AdaptEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.AdaptEffect
mage/abilities/hint/common/MonstrousHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.MonstrousHint
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/TextPartSubtypePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.TextPartSubtypePredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/ConvokeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConvokeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConvokeEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ConvokeSpecialAction
mage/game/GameOptions.java
 mage.game.GameOptions
mage/abilities/condition/common/OpponentsLostLifeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OpponentsLostLifeCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetPowerToughnessAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetPowerToughnessAllEffect
mage/abilities/mana/ConditionalColorlessManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ConditionalColorlessManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/CorruptedZendikonOozeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CorruptedZendikonOozeToken
mage/game/permanent/token/HornetNestInsectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HornetNestInsectToken
mage/target/targetadjustment/TargetAdjuster.java
 mage.target.targetadjustment.TargetAdjuster
mage/abilities/common/ActivateIfConditionActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ActivateIfConditionActivatedAbility
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ManaSymbols.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaSymbols
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaSymbols$1
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaSymbols$2
mage/game/Seat.java
 mage.game.Seat
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SacrificeCostCreaturesToughness.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SacrificeCostCreaturesToughness
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/MustBeBlockedByAllAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.MustBeBlockedByAllAttachedEffect
mage/players/net/UserData.java
 mage.players.net.UserData
mage/abilities/keyword/CanBlockSpaceflightAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CanBlockSpaceflightAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CommanderManaReplacementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CommanderManaReplacementEffect
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageToACreatureAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToACreatureAllTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageToACreatureAllTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/condition/common/IsStillOnPlaneCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.IsStillOnPlaneCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/MistmeadowWitchEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.MistmeadowWitchEffect
mage/abilities/effects/PreventDamageAndRemoveCountersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PreventDamageAndRemoveCountersEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/TapSourceCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.TapSourceCost
mage/game/tournament/pairing/SwissPairingSimple.java
 mage.game.tournament.pairing.SwissPairingSimple
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExchangeLifeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExchangeLifeTargetEffect
mage/game/command/planes/AgyremPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.AgyremEffect
 mage.game.command.planes.AgyremEffect2
 mage.game.command.planes.AgyremPlane
 mage.game.command.planes.AgyremRestrictionEffect
mage/game/events/ManaEvent.java
 mage.game.events.ManaEvent
mage/abilities/keyword/HexproofFromBlackAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HexproofFromBlackAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/ProliferateEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.ProliferateEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ReefWormKrakenToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReefWormKrakenToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockAttackActivateAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockAttackActivateAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldControlledTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldControlledTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackIfDefenderControlsPermanent.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackIfDefenderControlsPermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/TapSourceUnlessPaysEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TapSourceUnlessPaysEffect
mage/game/command/Emblem.java
 mage.game.command.Emblem
mage/abilities/condition/common/OpponentControlsPermanentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OpponentControlsPermanentCondition
mage/abilities/common/OpponentSacrificesNonTokenPermanentTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.OpponentSacrificesNonTokenPermanentTriggeredAbility
mage/choices/ChoiceCreatureType.java
 mage.choices.ChoiceCreatureType
mage/abilities/effects/common/ruleModifying/TargetsHaveToTargetPermanentIfAbleEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ruleModifying.TargetsHaveToTargetPermanentIfAbleEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/AssemblyWorkerToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AssemblyWorkerToken
mage/target/TargetCard.java
 mage.target.TargetCard
 mage.target.TargetCard$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddRemoveAllTimeSuspentCountersEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddRemoveAllTimeSuspentCountersEffect
mage/abilities/common/ActivateAsSorceryActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ActivateAsSorceryActivatedAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/HammerOfPurphorosGolemToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HammerOfPurphorosGolemToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/MainPhaseStackEmptyCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MainPhaseStackEmptyCondition
mage/players/PlayerList.java
 mage.players.PlayerList
mage/abilities/common/DealsDamageGainLifeSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsDamageGainLifeSourceTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.GainThatMuchLifeEffect
mage/cards/decks/importer/PlainTextDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.PlainTextDeckImporter
mage/abilities/keyword/EscalateAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EscalateAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.EscalateEffect
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalActivatedAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/SylvanOfferingTreefolkToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SylvanOfferingTreefolkToken
mage/game/permanent/token/NestingDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.NestingDragonToken
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/ScryEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.ScryEffect
mage/target/common/TargetOpponentOrPlaneswalker.java
 mage.target.common.TargetOpponentOrPlaneswalker
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeSourceEffect
mage/cards/basiclands/Plains.java
 mage.cards.basiclands.Plains
mage/game/permanent/token/DragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DragonToken
mage/constants/AbilityType.java
 mage.constants.AbilityType
mage/abilities/hint/common/PermanentsYouControlHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.PermanentsYouControlHint
mage/counters/BoostCounter.java
 mage.counters.BoostCounter
mage/abilities/keyword/BattalionAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BattalionAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryGraveyardPutOntoBattlefieldEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryGraveyardPutOntoBattlefieldEffect
mage/abilities/common/DiesThisOrAnotherCreatureTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DiesThisOrAnotherCreatureTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ControllerLifeDividedValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ControllerLifeDividedValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/AddContinuousEffectToGame.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AddContinuousEffectToGame
mage/filter/predicate/other/SpellZonePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.SpellZonePredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/TitanForgeGolemToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TitanForgeGolemToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanAttackAsThoughItDidntHaveDefenderAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanAttackAsThoughItDidntHaveDefenderAllEffect
mage/target/Targets.java
 mage.target.Targets
mage/game/permanent/token/WhiteDogToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WhiteDogToken
mage/game/permanent/token/GreenCat2Token.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GreenCat2Token
mage/abilities/keyword/DeathtouchAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DeathtouchAbility
mage/constants/TableState.java
 mage.constants.TableState
mage/game/permanent/token/GoblinWizardToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoblinWizardToken
mage/game/draft/RandomBoosterDraft.java
 mage.game.draft.RandomBoosterDraft
mage/abilities/effects/ContinuousRuleModifyingEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ContinuousRuleModifyingEffectImpl
mage/abilities/keyword/EvolveAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EvolveAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.EvolveEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PlayTargetWithoutPayingManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PlayTargetWithoutPayingManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PutCardFromHandOntoBattlefieldEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PutCardFromHandOntoBattlefieldEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityPairedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityPairedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GoblinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoblinToken
mage/game/permanent/token/SpiderToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpiderToken
mage/abilities/keyword/ScavengeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ScavengeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ScavengeEffect
mage/game/GameTinyLeadersImpl.java
 mage.game.DefaultCommander
 mage.game.GameTinyLeadersImpl
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageMultiEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageMultiEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/MillCardsTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.MillCardsTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/Construct4Token.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.Construct4Token
mage/abilities/common/EscapesWithAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EscapesWithAbility
 mage.abilities.common.EscapesWithEffect
mage/filter/predicate/other/TargetsPermanentPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.TargetsPermanentPredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/RhinoToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RhinoToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/PermanentsTargetOpponentControlsCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.PermanentsTargetOpponentControlsCount
mage/game/permanent/token/OphiomancerSnakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OphiomancerSnakeToken
mage/target/common/TargetLandPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetLandPermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/BirdSoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BirdSoldierToken
mage/abilities/effects/PreventionEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PreventionEffectImpl
 mage.abilities.effects.PreventionEffectImpl$1
mage/abilities/keyword/CyclingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CyclingAbility
mage/abilities/common/DealsCombatDamageToAPlayerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DealsCombatDamageToAPlayerTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/SpawningGroundsBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpawningGroundsBeastToken
mage/abilities/keyword/FearAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FearAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.FearEffect
mage/players/PlayerImpl.java
 mage.players.PlayerImpl
 mage.players.PlayerImpl$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeTargetedAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeTargetedAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardEachPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardEachPlayerEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardEachPlayerEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetPowerToughnessSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetPowerToughnessSourceEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/KickedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.KickedCondition
mage/game/command/emblems/GideonOfTheTrialsEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.GideonOfTheTrialsCantLoseEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.GideonOfTheTrialsEmblem
mage/abilities/keyword/MonstrosityAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BecomeMonstrousSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.MonstrosityAbility
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/SurveilEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.SurveilEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/SkulkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SkulkAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SkulkEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAllAbilitiesAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAllAbilitiesAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/FightTargetsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.FightTargetsEffect
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/SupportEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.SupportEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellCostReductionSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellCostReductionSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/EnchantedCreatureBlockedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EnchantedCreatureBlockedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/ControllerPlaysLandTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ControllerPlaysLandTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/MaskToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MaskToken
mage/game/command/emblems/RalIzzetViceroyEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.RalIzzetViceroyEmblem
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/FromSetPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.FromSetPredicate
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/AnotherTargetPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.AnotherTargetPredicate
mage/game/permanent/Battlefield.java
 mage.game.permanent.Battlefield
mage/abilities/keyword/EncoreAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EncoreAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.EncoreEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.EncoreRequirementEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.EncoreSacrificeEffect
mage/abilities/common/PutIntoGraveFromBattlefieldSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PutIntoGraveFromBattlefieldSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GiantBaitingGiantWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GiantBaitingGiantWarriorToken
mage/game/permanent/token/ThatcherHumanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ThatcherHumanToken
mage/abilities/abilityword/GrandeurAbility.java
 mage.abilities.abilityword.GrandeurAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttachedToTappedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttachedToTappedCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/MuYanlingSkyDancerToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MuYanlingSkyDancerToken
mage/game/tournament/TournamentImpl.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentImpl
mage/abilities/keyword/EquipAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EquipAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardTypeAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardTypeAttachedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/CatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CatToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanBlockOnlyFlyingEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanBlockOnlyFlyingEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellsCostReductionControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostReductionControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/PhantomPreventionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PhantomPreventionEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/BrainiacToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BrainiacToken
mage/game/permanent/token/GeminiEngineTwinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GeminiEngineTwinToken
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/CreatureCastConditionalMana.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.CreatureCastConditionalMana
mage/abilities/hint/common/MetalcraftHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.MetalcraftHint
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddCountersSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddCountersSourceEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/AnotherCardPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.AnotherCardPredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/CumulativeUpkeepAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CumulativeUpkeepAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.CumulativeUpkeepEffect
mage/abilities/effects/SpliceCardEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.SpliceCardEffect
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/TokenPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.TokenPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/mana/BasicManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.BasicManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/GetEmblemTargetPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.GetEmblemTargetPlayerEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/AffinityForLandTypeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AffinityForLandTypeAbility
mage/abilities/common/TurnedFaceUpAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.TurnedFaceUpAllTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostAllEffect
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/ManifestEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.ManifestEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/BeastToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BeastToken2
mage/filter/FilterImpl.java
 mage.filter.FilterImpl
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByTargetSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByTargetSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackAnyPlayerSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackAnyPlayerSourceEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/BuybackAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BuybackAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.BuybackEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/MostCommonColorCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MostCommonColorCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/EnterBattlefieldPayCostOrPutGraveyardEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.EnterBattlefieldPayCostOrPutGraveyardEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/VojaToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.VojaToken
mage/watchers/Watchers.java
 mage.watchers.Watchers
mage/watchers/WatcherUtils.java
 mage.watchers.WatcherUtils
mage/game/command/emblems/WrennAndSixEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.WrennAndSixEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.WrennAndSixEmblemEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/NightwingHorrorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.NightwingHorrorToken
mage/abilities/common/BecomesBlockedAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesBlockedAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/filter/common/FilterLandCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterLandCard
mage/abilities/condition/common/TargetAttackedThisTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TargetAttackedThisTurnCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/CopyEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CopyEffect
mage/game/mulligan/CanadianHighlanderMulligan.java
 mage.game.mulligan.CanadianHighlanderMulligan
mage/target/common/TargetPermanentOrSuspendedCard.java
 mage.target.common.TargetPermanentOrSuspendedCard
mage/constants/SetTargetPointer.java
 mage.constants.SetTargetPointer
mage/game/permanent/token/SekKuarDeathkeeperGravebornToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SekKuarDeathkeeperGravebornToken
mage/game/events/DamagedCreatureBatchEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedCreatureBatchEvent
mage/abilities/common/DiesCreatureTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DiesCreatureTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/CastFromHandWithoutPayingManaCostEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.CastFromHandWithoutPayingManaCostEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.IsBeingCastFromHandCondition
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldOrLeavesSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldOrLeavesSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/cards/mock/MockCard.java
 mage.cards.mock.MockCard
 mage.cards.mock.MockCard$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileAndReturnTransformedSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileAndReturnTransformedSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CanAttackAsThoughItDidntHaveDefenderTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CanAttackAsThoughItDidntHaveDefenderTargetEffect
mage/game/command/Command.java
 mage.game.command.Command
mage/target/common/TargetBasicLandCard.java
 mage.target.common.TargetBasicLandCard
mage/game/permanent/token/ButterflyToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ButterflyToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/CouncilsDilemmaVoteEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CouncilsDilemmaVoteEffect
mage/util/functions/ApplyToMageObject.java
 mage.util.functions.ApplyToMageObject
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileSourceFromGraveCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileSourceFromGraveCost
mage/abilities/common/ZoneChangeTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ZoneChangeTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/hint/common/SpectacleHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.SpectacleHint
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/ManaCondition.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.ManaCondition
mage/filter/FilterStackObject.java
 mage.filter.FilterStackObject
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeTargetedSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeTargetedSourceEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterArtifactCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterArtifactCard
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/PowerPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.PowerPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/RemoveAllCountersSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RemoveAllCountersSourceEffect
mage/abilities/mana/WhiteManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.WhiteManaAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesCreatureAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureAllEffect$1
mage/players/Player.java
 mage.players.Player
mage/abilities/common/TapForManaAllTriggeredManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.TapForManaAllTriggeredManaAbility
 mage.abilities.common.TapForManaAllTriggeredManaAbility$1
mage/game/permanent/token/GoldToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoldToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/turn/SkipNextTurnSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.turn.SkipNextTurnSourceEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsDrawnThisTurnDynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsDrawnThisTurnDynamicValue
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardTypeAssignment.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardTypeAssignment
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardCardYouChooseTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardCardYouChooseTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardCardYouChooseTargetEffect$1
mage/target/common/TargetCreaturePermanentWithDifferentTypes.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCreaturePermanentWithDifferentTypes
mage/abilities/effects/common/RollDiceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RollDiceEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterNonlandCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterNonlandCard
mage/game/command/emblems/GarrukApexPredatorEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.GarrukApexPredatorEmblem
mage/game/permanent/token/LeafdrakeRoostDrakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.LeafdrakeRoostDrakeToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/PlayTheTopCardEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.PlayTheTopCardEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/HornetQueenInsectToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HornetQueenInsectToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageToTargetMultiAmountEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageToTargetMultiAmountEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/AttacksIfAbleAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.AttacksIfAbleAllEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterArtifactOrEnchantmentCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterArtifactOrEnchantmentCard
mage/abilities/common/AttacksEachCombatStaticAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksEachCombatStaticAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/WormHarvestToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WormHarvestToken
mage/game/command/emblems/DomriRadeEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.DomriRadeEmblem
mage/game/command/CommandObject.java
 mage.game.command.CommandObject
mage/game/permanent/token/PenumbraKavuToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PenumbraKavuToken
mage/game/permanent/token/SpyMasterGoblinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpyMasterGoblinToken
mage/game/turn/Turn.java
 mage.game.turn.Turn
 mage.game.turn.Turn$1
mage/target/TargetImpl.java
 mage.target.TargetImpl
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockAllEffect
mage/game/command/planes/PanopticonPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.PanopticonPlane
 mage.game.command.planes.PanopticonTriggeredAbility
mage/target/common/TargetPlayerOrPlaneswalker.java
 mage.target.common.TargetPlayerOrPlaneswalker
mage/util/CopierObjectInputStream.java
 mage.util.CopierObjectInputStream
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageByAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageByAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/ReplacementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.ReplacementEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/SkipUntapStepEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SkipUntapStepEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ZombieArmyToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ZombieArmyToken
mage/abilities/effects/PlaneswalkerRedirectionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.PlaneswalkerRedirectionEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageToControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageToControllerEffect
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldTappedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldTappedAbility
mage/filter/common/FilterPermanentOrPlayerWithCounter.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterPermanentOrPlayerWithCounter
mage/abilities/mana/RedManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.RedManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/VampireToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.VampireToken
mage/game/permanent/token/DragonToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DragonToken2
mage/designations/DesignationType.java
 mage.designations.DesignationType
mage/abilities/common/AttacksWithCreaturesTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksWithCreaturesTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/DevotionCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.DevotionCount
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.DevotionCount$IncreaseDevotionAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/CreateTokenCopyTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CreateTokenCopyTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddManaToManaPoolSourceControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddManaToManaPoolSourceControllerEffect
mage/target/common/TargetCardInExile.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInExile
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SacrificeCostCreaturesPower.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SacrificeCostCreaturesPower
mage/game/permanent/token/GreenCatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GreenCatToken
mage/game/permanent/token/DinosaurBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DinosaurBeastToken
mage/game/permanent/token/WireflyToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WireflyToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/SignInversionDynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.SignInversionDynamicValue
mage/abilities/common/EntersBattlefieldOrDiesSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.EntersBattlefieldOrDiesSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/KnightAllyToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.KnightAllyToken
mage/game/permanent/token/StitchersApprenticeHomunculusToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.StitchersApprenticeHomunculusToken
mage/game/GameCanadianHighlanderImpl.java
 mage.game.GameCanadianHighlanderImpl
mage/watchers/common/PlayerLostLifeNonCombatWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.PlayerLostLifeNonCombatWatcher
mage/abilities/common/AttacksAndIsNotBlockedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksAndIsNotBlockedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/CommanderCostModification.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.CommanderCostModification
mage/game/Controllable.java
 mage.game.Controllable
mage/game/permanent/token/SwanSongBirdToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SwanSongBirdToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/DrawDiscardOneOfThemEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawDiscardOneOfThemEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnCreaturesFromExileEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnCreaturesFromExileEffect
mage/game/events/TableEventSource.java
 mage.game.events.TableEventSource
 mage.game.events.TableEventSource$1
mage/game/permanent/token/DevastatingSummonsElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DevastatingSummonsElementalToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/ControllerIsActivePlayerPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.ControllerIsActivePlayerPredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/RhonassLastStandToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RhonassLastStandToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/DevouredCreaturesCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.DevouredCreaturesCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeEffect
mage/constants/SagaChapter.java
 mage.constants.SagaChapter
mage/MageInt.java
 mage.MageInt
 mage.MageInt$1
mage/filter/common/FilterOpponentsCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterOpponentsCreaturePermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/SliverToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SliverToken
mage/game/permanent/token/TreefolkShamanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TreefolkShamanToken
mage/filter/common/FilterNonlandPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterNonlandPermanent
mage/players/net/UserGroup.java
 mage.players.net.UserGroup
mage/abilities/effects/common/MeldEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.MeldEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/OneDozenEyesBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OneDozenEyesBeastToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileTargetForSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileTargetForSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesCreatureAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureAttachedEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureAttachedEffect$1
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureAttachedEffect$LoseType
mage/abilities/common/TapLandForManaAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.TapLandForManaAllTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/DashedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.DashedCondition
mage/util/CardUtil.java
 mage.util.CardUtil
 mage.util.CardUtil$1
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalInterveningIfTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalInterveningIfTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/costs/mana/VariableManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.VariableManaCost
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/ControllerControlsIslandPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.ControllerControlsIslandPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackAttachedEffect
mage/watchers/common/FirstTimeStepWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.FirstTimeStepWatcher
mage/abilities/hint/common/RaidHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.RaidHint
mage/filter/predicate/other/TargetsPlayerPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.TargetsPlayerPredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/ReinforceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ReinforceAbility
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfDrawTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfDrawTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfDrawTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/hint/common/ProwlCostWasPaidHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.ProwlCostWasPaidHint
mage/game/permanent/token/HippoToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HippoToken
mage/game/permanent/token/DwarfToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DwarfToken
mage/game/permanent/token/TuskenRaiderToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TuskenRaiderToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/PermanentsOnTheBattlefieldCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.PermanentsOnTheBattlefieldCondition
mage/abilities/hint/common/CreaturesYouControlHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.CreaturesYouControlHint
mage/abilities/costs/common/PutCardFromHandOnTopOfLibraryCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PutCardFromHandOnTopOfLibraryCost
mage/game/permanent/token/MinionToken2.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MinionToken2
mage/filter/predicate/other/CardTextPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.CardTextPredicate
mage/target/common/TargetCardInGraveyardOrBattlefield.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInGraveyardOrBattlefield
mage/constants/ComparisonType.java
 mage.constants.ComparisonType
 mage.constants.ComparisonType$1
mage/game/permanent/token/OutlawsMerrimentRogueToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OutlawsMerrimentRogueToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/PayLoyaltyCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.PayLoyaltyCost
mage/abilities/common/BecomesBlockedAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesBlockedAllTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SwitchPowerToughnessAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SwitchPowerToughnessAllEffect
mage/abilities/common/LimitedTimesPerTurnActivatedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.LimitedTimesPerTurnActivatedAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackBlockAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackBlockAllEffect
mage/target/common/TargetEquipmentPermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetEquipmentPermanent
mage/watchers/common/ZuberasDiedWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.ZuberasDiedWatcher
mage/abilities/keyword/AdaptAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AdaptAbility
mage/game/events/DamagedPlayerEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedPlayerEvent
mage/game/permanent/token/EdgarMarkovToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EdgarMarkovToken
mage/game/command/emblems/ObiWanKenobiEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ObiWanKenobiEmblem
mage/target/Target.java
 mage.target.Target
mage/abilities/mana/GreenManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.GreenManaAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/UrzaTerrainValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.UrzaTerrainValue
mage/abilities/SpecialAction.java
 mage.abilities.SpecialAction
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/AddCountersAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.AddCountersAttachedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/StormCrowToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.StormCrowToken
mage/game/permanent/token/ShapeshifterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ShapeshifterToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/ExchangeControlTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.ExchangeControlTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheBeginOfYourNextDrawStepDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfYourNextDrawStepDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/EchoAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EchoAbility
mage/abilities/mana/builder/common/SimpleActivatedAbilityManaBuilder.java
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.common.SimpleActivatedAbilityConditionalMana
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.common.SimpleActivatedAbilityManaBuilder
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.common.SimpleActivatedAbilityManaCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesColorAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesColorAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesColorAllEffect$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileGraveyardAllTargetPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileGraveyardAllTargetPlayerEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterBySubtypeCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterBySubtypeCard
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/AbilityResolutionCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.AbilityResolutionCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/enterAttribute/EnterAttributeAddChosenSubtypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.enterAttribute.EnterAttributeAddChosenSubtypeEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/NighteyesTheDesecratorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.NighteyesTheDesecratorToken
mage/game/permanent/token/PentaviteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PentaviteToken
mage/abilities/costs/AbilityCosts.java
 mage.abilities.costs.AbilityCosts
mage/abilities/effects/common/SacrificeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.SacrificeTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/AttacksAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AttacksAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/SalamnderWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SalamnderWarriorToken
mage/abilities/keyword/DevoidAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DevoidAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantActivateAbilitiesAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantActivateAbilitiesAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/mana/DynamicManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.DynamicManaAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/CantBeRegeneratedTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CantBeRegeneratedTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileSourceEffect
mage/cards/repository/CardRepository.java
 mage.cards.repository.CardRepository
 mage.cards.repository.CardRepository$OldestNonPromoComparator
mage/abilities/effects/common/TapEnchantedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TapEnchantedEffect
mage/filter/FilterOpponent.java
 mage.filter.FilterOpponent
mage/abilities/effects/common/replacement/DiesReplacementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.replacement.DiesReplacementEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/AdamantCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AdamantCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/EtheriumCellToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EtheriumCellToken
mage/game/mulligan/Mulligan.java
 mage.game.mulligan.Mulligan
mage/abilities/condition/common/KickedCostCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.KickedCostCondition
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/ProtectionChosenColorAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.ProtectionChosenColorAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DevourEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DevourEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DevourEffect$DevourFactor
mage/abilities/common/PlayLandFromGraveyardAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.PlayLandFromGraveyardAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ManaTypeInManaPoolCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ManaTypeInManaPoolCount
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ManaTypeInManaPoolCount$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageToTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageToTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/WolvesOfTheHuntToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WolvesOfTheHuntToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/RevealTargetFromHandCostCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.RevealTargetFromHandCostCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyAttachedToEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyAttachedToEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CountersSourceCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CountersSourceCount
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/CompanionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.CompanionEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/SuspendedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SuspendedCondition
mage/abilities/common/CantBlockAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CantBlockAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/TeyoToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TeyoToken
mage/game/tournament/pairing/RoundPairings.java
 mage.game.tournament.pairing.RoundPairings
mage/cards/CardsImpl.java
 mage.cards.CardsImpl
mage/util/DateFormat.java
 mage.util.DateFormat
mage/game/permanent/token/GermToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GermToken
mage/cards/ModalDoubleFacesCard.java
 mage.cards.ModalDoubleFacesCard
 mage.cards.ModalDoubleFacesCard$1
mage/cards/decks/importer/DckDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.DckDeckImporter
mage/abilities/common/OneOrMoreCountersAddedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.OneOrMoreCountersAddedTriggeredAbility
mage/filter/common/FilterInstantOrSorceryCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterInstantOrSorceryCard
mage/watchers/common/AmountOfDamageAPlayerReceivedThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.AmountOfDamageAPlayerReceivedThisTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/condition/common/MonstrousCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.MonstrousCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/CarnivoreToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CarnivoreToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroyAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroyAllEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ArtifactWallToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ArtifactWallToken
mage/abilities/effects/AsThoughManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.AsThoughManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/LookLibraryControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LookLibraryControllerEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LookLibraryControllerEffect$1
mage/game/command/emblems/MuYanlingSkyDancerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.MuYanlingSkyDancerEmblem
mage/game/permanent/token/RelicRobberToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RelicRobberToken
mage/game/permanent/token/HauntedAngelToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HauntedAngelToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileFromHandCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileFromHandCost
mage/abilities/keyword/KickerAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.KickerAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/PirateToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PirateToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/AbilitiesCostReductionControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.AbilitiesCostReductionControllerEffect
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/CanBeEnchantedByPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.CanBeEnchantedByPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedAttachedEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/UginTheIneffableToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.UginTheIneffableToken
mage/abilities/costs/OrCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.OrCost
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseGameTargetPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseGameTargetPlayerEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/ExileXFromYourGraveCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.ExileXFromYourGraveCost
mage/abilities/costs/common/UnattachCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.UnattachCost
mage/abilities/common/TurnFaceUpAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.TurnFaceUpAbility
 mage.abilities.common.TurnFaceUpEffect
mage/target/common/TargetDefender.java
 mage.target.common.TargetDefender
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalContinuousEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalContinuousEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GoblinSoldierToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GoblinSoldierToken
mage/filter/common/FilterTeamPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterTeamPermanent
mage/abilities/keyword/CantBeBlockedSourceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CantBeBlockedSourceAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/RevealHandTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealHandTargetEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealHandTargetEffect$1
mage/abilities/keyword/HexproofFromBlueAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HexproofFromBlueAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageTargetControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageTargetControllerEffect
mage/abilities/mana/conditional/ArtifactCastConditionalMana.java
 mage.abilities.mana.conditional.ArtifactCastConditionalMana
mage/game/permanent/token/AssassinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.AssassinToken
mage/game/permanent/token/HumanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HumanToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/TapSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TapSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PenumbraWurmToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PenumbraWurmToken
mage/constants/SubLayer.java
 mage.constants.SubLayer
mage/abilities/hint/ConditionHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.ConditionHint
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/CardsInAllHandsCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.CardsInAllHandsCount
mage/abilities/effects/common/BecomesMonarchTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.BecomesMonarchTargetEffect
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/CommanderPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.CommanderPredicate
mage/abilities/keyword/CrewAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CrewAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.CrewCost
 mage.abilities.keyword.CrewCost$1
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureCard
mage/watchers/common/LifeLossOtherFromCombatWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.LifeLossOtherFromCombatWatcher
mage/abilities/keyword/EmergeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EmergeAbility
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/PermanentInListPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.PermanentInListPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/SetCardSubtypeAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.SetCardSubtypeAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/PlanarDieRollCostIncreasingEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.PlanarDieRollCostIncreasingEffect
mage/constants/Zone.java
 mage.constants.Zone
mage/game/GameStates.java
 mage.game.GameStates
mage/util/SubTypeList.java
 mage.util.SubTypeList
mage/game/command/planes/HedronFieldsOfAgadeemPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.HedronFieldsOfAgadeemPlane
 mage.game.command.planes.HedronFieldsOfAgadeemRestrictionEffect
mage/filter/predicate/other/FaceDownPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.FaceDownPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceOnBattlefieldCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceOnBattlefieldCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseHalfLifeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseHalfLifeEffect
mage/abilities/common/delayed/OnLeaveReturnExiledToBattlefieldAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.OnLeaveReturnExiledToBattlefieldAbility
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.ReturnExiledPermanentsEffect
mage/game/mulligan/ParisMulligan.java
 mage.game.mulligan.ParisMulligan
mage/abilities/effects/common/PopulateEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PopulateEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/UramiToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.UramiToken
mage/cards/AdventureCardSpell.java
 mage.cards.AdventureCardSpell
mage/watchers/common/AttackedOrBlockedThisCombatWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.AttackedOrBlockedThisCombatWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/MouseToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MouseToken
mage/game/permanent/token/RiftmarkedKnightToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RiftmarkedKnightToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/RenownedTargetCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.RenownedTargetCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByCreaturesAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByCreaturesAllEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/LivingWeaponAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.LivingWeaponAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.LivingWeaponEffect
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/InvestigateEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.InvestigateEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseAbilityAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseAbilityAllEffect
mage/cards/repository/RepositoryEventSource.java
 mage.cards.repository.RepositoryEventSource
 mage.cards.repository.RepositoryEventSource$1
mage/abilities/effects/GainAbilitySpellsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.GainAbilitySpellsEffect
mage/ApprovingObject.java
 mage.ApprovingObject
mage/abilities/effects/common/RevealHandSourceControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RevealHandSourceControllerEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnSourceFromGraveyardToHandEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnSourceFromGraveyardToHandEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/FlurryOfHornsMinotaurToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FlurryOfHornsMinotaurToken
mage/game/tournament/Tournament.java
 mage.game.tournament.Tournament
mage/game/ZonesHandler.java
 mage.game.ZonesHandler
 mage.game.ZonesHandler$1
mage/cards/AdventureCardSpellImpl.java
 mage.cards.AdventureCardSpellAbility
 mage.cards.AdventureCardSpellImpl
mage/abilities/keyword/ForecastAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ForecastAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryPutInHandEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryPutInHandEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/WandOfTheElementsFirstToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WandOfTheElementsFirstToken
mage/game/permanent/token/RakkaMarElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RakkaMarElementalToken
mage/filter/common/FilterOpponentOrPlaneswalker.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterOpponentOrPlaneswalker
mage/watchers/common/CastSpellLastTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CastSpellLastTurnWatcher
mage/abilities/keyword/VigilanceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.VigilanceAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/MelokuTheCloudedMirrorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MelokuTheCloudedMirrorToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryPutInPlayEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryPutInPlayEffect
mage/actions/score/ArtificialScoringSystem.java
 mage.actions.score.ArtificialScoringSystem
mage/game/tournament/TournamentPlayer.java
 mage.game.tournament.TournamentPlayer
mage/game/permanent/token/BroodKeeperDragonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BroodKeeperDragonToken
mage/game/permanent/token/ZombieToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ZombieToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/EnteredThisTurnPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.EnteredThisTurnPredicate
mage/game/permanent/token/WurmCallingWurmToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WurmCallingWurmToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/DrawCardTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DrawCardTargetEffect
mage/constants/SkillLevel.java
 mage.constants.SkillLevel
mage/cards/basiclands/Mountain.java
 mage.cards.basiclands.Mountain
mage/util/DeckUtil.java
 mage.util.DeckUtil
mage/abilities/condition/common/LiveLostLastTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.LiveLostLastTurnCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/ModularAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ModularAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ModularDistributeCounterEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.ModularStaticAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/RaidCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.RaidCondition
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/BlockedCreatureCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.BlockedCreatureCount
mage/game/permanent/token/TilonallisSummonerElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TilonallisSummonerElementalToken
mage/game/permanent/token/QueenMarchesaAssassinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.QueenMarchesaAssassinToken
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/AuraAttachedCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.AuraAttachedCount
mage/abilities/keyword/CanAttackOnlyAloneAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CanAttackOnlyAloneAbility
mage/abilities/hint/common/ControlACommanderHint.java
 mage.abilities.hint.common.ControlACommanderHint
mage/cards/CardSetInfo.java
 mage.cards.CardSetInfo
mage/game/events/EntersTheBattlefieldEvent.java
 mage.game.events.EntersTheBattlefieldEvent
 mage.game.events.EntersTheBattlefieldEvent$1
mage/game/permanent/token/SengirNosferatuBatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReturnSengirNosferatuEffect
 mage.game.permanent.token.SengirNosferatuBatToken
mage/target/common/TargetCardInGraveyard.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInGraveyard
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/CycleAllTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CycleAllTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/FullPartyCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.FullPartyCondition
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/FatesealEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.FatesealEffect
mage/abilities/abilityword/StriveAbility.java
 mage.abilities.abilityword.StriveAbility
 mage.abilities.abilityword.StriveCostIncreasingEffect
mage/filter/common/FilterAttackingCreature.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterAttackingCreature
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceHasCounterCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceHasCounterCondition
mage/filter/common/FilterControlledPermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterControlledPermanent
mage/game/permanent/token/MinorDemonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MinorDemonToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/CreatureExploresTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CreatureExploresTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/ShroudAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ShroudAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/PenumbraBobcatToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PenumbraBobcatToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/CostModificationEffectImpl.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.CostModificationEffectImpl
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/HighestCMCOfPermanentValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.HighestCMCOfPermanentValue
mage/filter/FilterMana.java
 mage.filter.FilterMana
mage/game/permanent/token/GnomeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GnomeToken
mage/game/permanent/token/MaritLageToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MaritLageToken
mage/game/GameState.java
 mage.game.GameState
 mage.game.GameState$1ZoneChangeData
mage/abilities/keyword/AttacksThisTurnMarkerAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AttacksThisTurnMarkerAbility
mage/abilities/costs/VariableCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.VariableCost
mage/filter/common/FilterNoncreatureCard.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterNoncreatureCard
mage/abilities/common/LicidAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.LicidAbility
 mage.abilities.common.LicidContinuousEffect
 mage.abilities.common.LicidContinuousEffect$1
 mage.abilities.common.LicidEffect
 mage.abilities.common.LicidSpecialAction
 mage.abilities.common.LicidSpecialActionEffect
mage/abilities/effects/mana/AddConditionalColorlessManaEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.mana.AddConditionalColorlessManaEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/CastSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CastSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/OutlawsMerrimentWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OutlawsMerrimentWarriorToken
mage/cards/decks/importer/CodDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.CodDeckImporter
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleIntoLibrarySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleIntoLibrarySourceEffect
mage/abilities/StaticAbility.java
 mage.abilities.StaticAbility
mage/cards/decks/DeckValidatorErrorType.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckValidatorErrorType
mage/cards/SplitCardHalf.java
 mage.cards.SplitCardHalf
mage/abilities/keyword/IslandwalkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.IslandwalkAbility
mage/abilities/ActivatedAbilityImpl.java
 mage.abilities.ActivatedAbilityImpl
 mage.abilities.ActivatedAbilityImpl$1
 mage.abilities.ActivatedAbilityImpl$ActivationInfo
mage/target/common/TargetCardInLibrary.java
 mage.target.common.TargetCardInLibrary
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAbilityControlledEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAbilityControlledEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/HexproofFromArtifactsCreaturesAndEnchantments.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HexproofFromArtifactsCreaturesAndEnchantments
mage/abilities/condition/common/BeforeBlockersAreDeclaredCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.BeforeBlockersAreDeclaredCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/DoUnlessAnyPlayerPaysEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DoUnlessAnyPlayerPaysEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/SpoilsOfBloodHorrorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpoilsOfBloodHorrorToken
mage/target/targetpointer/TargetPointer.java
 mage.target.targetpointer.TargetPointer
mage/counters/CounterType.java
 mage.counters.CounterType
 mage.counters.CounterType$1
 mage.counters.CounterType$CounterPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesSubtypeAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesSubtypeAllEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/ControlsPermanentsComparedToOpponentsCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ControlsPermanentsComparedToOpponentsCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/FabricateAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FabricateAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.FabricateEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/GravestormAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.GravestormAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.GravestormEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchLibraryPutInPlayTargetPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchLibraryPutInPlayTargetPlayerEffect
mage/game/stack/StackAbility.java
 mage.game.stack.StackAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/ElfKnightToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElfKnightToken
mage/game/permanent/token/SorinLordOfInnistradVampireToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SorinLordOfInnistradVampireToken
mage/abilities/keyword/DashAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DashAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.DashAddDelayedTriggeredAbilityEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/SoulbondAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.PairedPredicate
 mage.abilities.keyword.SoulbondAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SoulbondEntersOtherAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.SoulboundEntersOtherEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.SoulboundEntersSelfEffect
mage/abilities/common/BecomesMonstrousSourceTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BecomesMonstrousSourceTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/custom/ElementalCreatureToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.custom.ElementalCreatureToken
mage/game/permanent/token/TidalWaveWallToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TidalWaveWallToken
mage/util/functions/AddSubtypeApplier.java
 mage.util.functions.AddSubtypeApplier
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapInControllersNextUntapStepTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInControllersNextUntapStepTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/ControlEnchantedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.ControlEnchantedEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.ControlEnchantedEffect$1
mage/game/command/emblems/MomirEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.MomirEffect
 mage.game.command.emblems.MomirEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/LookLibraryTopCardTargetPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LookLibraryTopCardTargetPlayerEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GarrukApexPredatorBeastToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GarrukApexPredatorBeastToken
mage/abilities/keyword/CompanionCondition.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CompanionCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/EmbalmAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EmbalmAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.EmbalmEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DinosaurToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DinosaurToken
mage/game/command/emblems/KioraEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.KioraEmblem
mage/abilities/keyword/MyriadAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.MyriadAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.MyriadEffect
mage/cards/decks/DeckCardLists.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckCardLists
mage/abilities/effects/common/counter/RemoveCounterTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.counter.RemoveCounterTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandChosenPermanentEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandChosenPermanentEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/TargetHasCounterCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TargetHasCounterCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/FaerieRogueToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.FaerieRogueToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileAdventureSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AdventureCastFromExileEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileAdventureSpellEffect
mage/abilities/common/ExertCreatureControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ExertCreatureControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/game/draft/DraftCube.java
 mage.game.draft.DraftCube
 mage.game.draft.DraftCube$CardIdentity
mage/abilities/effects/common/cost/SpellsCostReductionAllOfChosenCardTypeEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.cost.SpellsCostReductionAllOfChosenCardTypeEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/OathbreakerOnBattlefieldCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.OathbreakerOnBattlefieldCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToBattlefieldUnderYourControlSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToBattlefieldUnderYourControlSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/WalkerOfTheGroveToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WalkerOfTheGroveToken
mage/abilities/Ability.java
 mage.abilities.Ability
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheBeginOfNextUpkeepDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfNextUpkeepDelayedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/mulligan/VancouverMulligan.java
 mage.game.mulligan.VancouverMulligan
mage/game/permanent/token/ReefWormFishToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReefWormFishToken
mage/abilities/costs/common/DiscardTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.DiscardTargetCost
mage/game/command/emblems/GarrukCallerOfBeastsEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.GarrukCallerOfBeastsEmblem
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesChosenCreatureTypeSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesChosenCreatureTypeSourceEffect
mage/abilities/common/DiesThisOrAnotherCreatureOrPlaneswalkerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DiesThisOrAnotherCreatureOrPlaneswalkerTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/LoseCreatureTypeSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.LoseCreatureTypeSourceEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/OutlastAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.OutlastAbility
mage/cards/decks/importer/DekDeckImporter.java
 mage.cards.decks.importer.DekDeckImporter
mage/game/permanent/token/CustomIllusionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.CustomIllusionToken
mage/abilities/keyword/BestowAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.BestowAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.BestowEntersBattlefieldEffect
mage/abilities/common/CastOnlyDuringPhaseStepSourceAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CastOnlyDuringPhaseStepSourceAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttackedThisTurnCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttackedThisTurnCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BoostOpponentsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BoostOpponentsEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/MinionToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MinionToken
mage/game/Graveyard.java
 mage.game.Graveyard
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/CounterAnyPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.CounterAnyPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/DefendingPlayerControlsCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.DefendingPlayerControlsCondition
mage/game/permanent/token/UktabiKongApeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.UktabiKongApeToken
mage/abilities/keyword/UnleashAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.UnleashAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.UnleashReplacementEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.UnleashRestrictionEffect
mage/target/common/TargetDiscard.java
 mage.target.common.TargetDiscard
mage/game/permanent/token/BearToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BearToken
mage/designations/Designation.java
 mage.designations.Designation
mage/game/permanent/token/BeastToken4.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BeastToken4
mage/game/permanent/token/ZaxaraTheExemplaryHydraToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ZaxaraTheExemplaryHydraToken
mage/abilities/condition/common/TopLibraryCardTypeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TopLibraryCardTypeCondition
 mage.abilities.condition.common.TopLibraryCardTypeCondition$1
mage/abilities/keyword/ExaltedAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ExaltedAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/CreateSpecialActionEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.CreateSpecialActionEffect
mage/target/targetpointer/FirstTargetPointer.java
 mage.target.targetpointer.FirstTargetPointer
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/AddCardTypeTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.AddCardTypeTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/AsThoughEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.AsThoughEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/discard/DiscardHandDrawSameNumberSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.discard.DiscardHandDrawSameNumberSourceEffect
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/ConvertedManaCostPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.ConvertedManaCostPredicate
mage/game/match/MatchPlayer.java
 mage.game.match.MatchPlayer
mage/game/permanent/token/EwokToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.EwokToken
mage/game/jumpstart/JumpstartPoolGenerator.java
 mage.game.jumpstart.JumpstartPoolGenerator
 mage.game.jumpstart.JumpstartPoolGenerator$JumpstartPack
mage/game/permanent/token/ErrandOfDutyKnightToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ErrandOfDutyKnightToken
mage/abilities/common/AuraAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.AuraAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/ReflectionBlueToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ReflectionBlueToken
mage/abilities/effects/OneShotEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.OneShotEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/TributeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.TributeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.TributeEffect
mage/abilities/effects/keyword/ExploreTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.keyword.ExploreTargetEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/BeforeAttackersAreDeclaredCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.BeforeAttackersAreDeclaredCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/AfflictAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.AfflictAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesCreatureIfVehicleEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesCreatureIfVehicleEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/SliversmithToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SliversmithToken
mage/abilities/mana/AnyColorManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.AnyColorManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/DinosaurHasteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DinosaurHasteToken
mage/abilities/keyword/HexproofBaseAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.HexproofBaseAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandSourceEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandSourceEffect$1
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/NumericSetToEffectValues.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.NumericSetToEffectValues
mage/game/permanent/token/DeathtouchSnakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DeathtouchSnakeToken
mage/game/command/emblems/BasriKetEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.BasriKetEmblem
mage/abilities/keyword/EternalizeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.EternalizeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.EternalizeEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/StormAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.StormAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.StormEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/DemonToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DemonToken
mage/game/permanent/token/WhiteBlackSpiritToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WhiteBlackSpiritToken
mage/abilities/keyword/FortifyAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.FortifyAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/CascadeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.CascadeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.CascadeEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/LilianaDefiantNecromancerEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.LilianaDefiantNecromancerEmblem
 mage.game.command.emblems.LilianaDefiantNecromancerEmblemEffect
mage/abilities/common/DiesAttachedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.DiesAttachedTriggeredAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GrismoldPlantToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GrismoldPlantToken
mage/filter/FilterSpell.java
 mage.filter.FilterSpell
mage/game/permanent/token/ElementalShamanToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ElementalShamanToken
mage/filter/common/FilterCreaturePermanent.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreaturePermanent
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackAloneSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackAloneSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageAllEffect
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/DomainValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.DomainValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBlockCreaturesSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBlockCreaturesSourceEffect
mage/cards/decks/DeckCardLayout.java
 mage.cards.decks.DeckCardLayout
mage/abilities/condition/common/YouGainedLifeCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.YouGainedLifeCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifeDefendingPlayerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifeDefendingPlayerEffect
mage/game/events/MageEvent.java
 mage.game.events.MageEvent
mage/filter/predicate/other/FaceDownCastablePredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.FaceDownCastablePredicate
mage/abilities/costs/common/SacrificeXTargetCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.SacrificeXTargetCost
mage/constants/ColoredManaSymbol.java
 mage.constants.ColoredManaSymbol
mage/game/permanent/token/RebelStarshipToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RebelStarshipToken
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/WasDealtDamageThisTurnPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.WasDealtDamageThisTurnPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantBeBlockedByCreaturesSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantBeBlockedByCreaturesSourceEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/TIEFighterToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TIEFighterToken
mage/game/permanent/token/GiantToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GiantToken
mage/watchers/common/DragonOnTheBattlefieldWhileSpellWasCastWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.DragonOnTheBattlefieldWhileSpellWasCastWatcher
mage/abilities/effects/common/ReturnToHandAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ReturnToHandAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DamageEverythingEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DamageEverythingEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ChainersTormentNightmareToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ChainersTormentNightmareToken
mage/game/tournament/pairing/SwissPairingMinimalWeightMatching.java
 mage.game.tournament.pairing.SwissPairingMinimalWeightMatching
 mage.game.tournament.pairing.SwissPairingMinimalWeightMatching$PlayerInfo
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceDealtDamageCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceDealtDamageCondition
mage/abilities/keyword/SupportAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SupportAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/ExileAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ExileAttachedEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/CantAttackUnlessPaysAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.CantAttackUnlessPaysAttachedEffect
mage/game/command/emblems/TezzeretArtificeMasterEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.TezzeretArtificeMasterEmblem
mage/abilities/mana/builder/common/InstantOrSorcerySpellManaBuilder.java
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.common.InstantOrSorceryCastConditionalMana
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.common.InstantOrSorceryCastManaCondition
 mage.abilities.mana.builder.common.InstantOrSorcerySpellManaBuilder
mage/target/common/TargetPermanentAmount.java
 mage.target.common.TargetPermanentAmount
mage/abilities/effects/common/ruleModifying/CombatDamageByToughnessEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ruleModifying.CombatDamageByToughnessEffect
mage/game/GameReplay.java
 mage.game.GameReplay
mage/abilities/effects/common/ShuffleSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ShuffleSpellEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/AttachedToPermanentCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AttachedToPermanentCondition
mage/abilities/condition/common/SourceOnBattlefieldControlUnchangedCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.SourceOnBattlefieldControlUnchangedCondition
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventAllDamageFromChosenSourceToYouEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventAllDamageFromChosenSourceToYouEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DiscardCardControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DiscardCardControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/game/turn/CombatPhase.java
 mage.game.turn.CombatPhase
mage/abilities/effects/common/DontUntapInControllersUntapStepSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DontUntapInControllersUntapStepSourceEffect
mage/filter/FilterCard.java
 mage.filter.FilterCard
mage/watchers/common/BlockedByOnlyOneCreatureThisCombatWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.BlockedByOnlyOneCreatureThisCombatWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/SnakeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SnakeToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/DetainTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DetainRestrictionEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DetainTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/ChasmSkulkerSquidToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.ChasmSkulkerSquidToken
mage/constants/TimingRule.java
 mage.constants.TimingRule
mage/game/permanent/token/BelzenlokClericToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.BelzenlokClericToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/GainAllCreatureTypesTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.GainAllCreatureTypesTargetEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/HuntedDragonKnightToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.HuntedDragonKnightToken
mage/cards/CardGraphicInfo.java
 mage.cards.CardGraphicInfo
mage/abilities/mana/SimpleManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.SimpleManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/GolemToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GolemToken
mage/game/turn/TurnMods.java
 mage.game.turn.TurnMods
mage/abilities/effects/common/PutOnLibrarySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PutOnLibrarySourceEffect
mage/target/common/TargetOpponentsChoicePermanent.java
 mage.target.common.TargetOpponentsChoicePermanent
mage/game/Game.java
 mage.game.Game
mage/abilities/costs/mana/PhyrexianManaCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.PhyrexianManaCost
mage/game/permanent/token/SpikeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.SpikeToken
mage/abilities/common/delayed/AtTheBeginOfMainPhaseDelayedTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfMainPhaseDelayedTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfMainPhaseDelayedTriggeredAbility$1
 mage.abilities.common.delayed.AtTheBeginOfMainPhaseDelayedTriggeredAbility$PhaseSelection
mage/game/permanent/token/LightningRagerToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.LightningRagerToken
mage/abilities/common/CantBeCounteredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.CantBeCounteredAbility
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/PermanentsOnBattlefieldCount.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.PermanentsOnBattlefieldCount
mage/abilities/mana/ColorlessManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ColorlessManaAbility
mage/abilities/keyword/ProtectionAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ProtectionAbility
mage/game/command/planes/AkoumPlane.java
 mage.game.command.planes.AkoumPlane
mage/abilities/effects/common/FightTargetSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.FightTargetSourceEffect
mage/util/functions/CopyTokenFunction.java
 mage.util.functions.CopyTokenFunction
mage/abilities/keyword/SwampcyclingAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SwampcyclingAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/WallToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WallToken
mage/cards/SplitCard.java
 mage.cards.SplitCard
 mage.cards.SplitCard$1
mage/game/command/Commander.java
 mage.game.command.Commander
mage/abilities/keyword/ProvokeAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.ProvokeAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.ProvokeRequirementEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/DetainAllEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DetainAllEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DetainAllRestrictionEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/PrismToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PrismToken
mage/game/Revealed.java
 mage.game.Revealed
mage/abilities/effects/common/continuous/BecomesFaceDownCreatureEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesFaceDownCreatureEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesFaceDownCreatureEffect$1
 mage.abilities.effects.common.continuous.BecomesFaceDownCreatureEffect$FaceDownType
mage/game/command/emblems/ChandraRoaringFlameEmblem.java
 mage.game.command.emblems.ChandraRoaringFlameEmblem
mage/game/permanent/token/MysticGenesisOozeToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.MysticGenesisOozeToken
mage/game/permanent/token/WoodToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WoodToken
mage/abilities/MageSingleton.java
 mage.abilities.MageSingleton
mage/game/events/PlayerQueryEventSource.java
 mage.game.events.PlayerQueryEventSource
 mage.game.events.PlayerQueryEventSource$1
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/DefendingPlayerOwnsCardPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.DefendingPlayerOwnsCardPredicate
mage/abilities/condition/common/DealtDamageToAnOpponent.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.DealtDamageToAnOpponent
mage/abilities/effects/common/RegenerateTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.RegenerateTargetEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/MillCardsControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.MillCardsControllerEffect
mage/abilities/costs/common/DiscardHandCost.java
 mage.abilities.costs.common.DiscardHandCost
mage/game/events/DamagedEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagedEvent
mage/abilities/keyword/SquirrellinkAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.SquirrellinkAbility
mage/abilities/TriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.TriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageByColorEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageByColorEffect
mage/abilities/condition/common/CardsInAnyLibraryCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInAnyLibraryCondition
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CardsInAnyLibraryCondition$1
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifeControllerAttachedEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifeControllerAttachedEffect
mage/game/events/DamagePlaneswalkerEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamagePlaneswalkerEvent
mage/abilities/condition/common/ControlsPermanentGreatestCMCCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.ControlsPermanentGreatestCMCCondition
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalOneShotEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalOneShotEffect
mage/watchers/common/ProwlWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.ProwlWatcher
mage/abilities/condition/common/CitysBlessingCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.CitysBlessingCondition
mage/filter/predicate/mageobject/ColorPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.mageobject.ColorPredicate
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventDamageByTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventDamageByTargetEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/RepairAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.RepairAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.RepairBeginningOfUpkeepInterveningIfTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.RepairCastFromGraveyardEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.RepairCastFromGraveyardTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/condition/common/AfterCombatCondition.java
 mage.abilities.condition.common.AfterCombatCondition
mage/cards/CardImpl.java
 mage.cards.CardImpl
 mage.cards.CardImpl$1
mage/filter/predicate/other/CardCanTargetPermanentId.java
 mage.filter.predicate.other.CardCanTargetPermanentId
mage/game/permanent/token/RabidSheepToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.RabidSheepToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/ruleModifying/CastOnlyIfYouHaveCastAnotherSpellEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.ruleModifying.CastOnlyIfYouHaveCastAnotherSpellEffect
mage/constants/MatchTimeLimit.java
 mage.constants.MatchTimeLimit
mage/watchers/Watcher.java
 mage.watchers.Watcher
 mage.watchers.Watcher$1
mage/game/events/DamageEvent.java
 mage.game.events.DamageEvent
mage/game/permanent/token/TriskelaviteToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.TriskelaviteToken
mage/abilities/keyword/LevelerCardBuilder.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.LevelerCardBuilder
 mage.abilities.keyword.LevelerCardBuilder$LevelAbility
mage/filter/predicate/permanent/AttachedToPredicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.permanent.AttachedToPredicate
mage/filter/FilterPlayer.java
 mage.filter.FilterPlayer
mage/abilities/effects/common/combat/MustBeBlockedByAtLeastOneSourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.combat.MustBeBlockedByAtLeastOneSourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/TransformTargetEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.TransformTargetEffect
mage/abilities/common/BlocksOrBecomesBlockedByOneOrMoreTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BlocksOrBecomesBlockedByOneOrMoreTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/common/ControllerDivideCombatDamageAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.ControllerDivideCombatDamageAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/DestroySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DestroySourceEffect
mage/abilities/effects/common/UntapLandsEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.UntapLandsEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/DethroneAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.DethroneAbility
mage/abilities/common/BeginningOfPreCombatMainTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfPreCombatMainTriggeredAbility
 mage.abilities.common.BeginningOfPreCombatMainTriggeredAbility$1
mage/abilities/costs/mana/ManaCostsImpl.java
 mage.abilities.costs.mana.ManaCostsImpl
mage/abilities/common/LandfallAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.LandfallAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/WardenSphinxToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.WardenSphinxToken
mage/abilities/LoyaltyAbility.java
 mage.abilities.LoyaltyAbility
mage/abilities/mana/ConditionalColoredManaAbility.java
 mage.abilities.mana.ConditionalColoredManaAbility
mage/game/permanent/token/StanggTwinToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.StanggTwinToken
mage/watchers/common/AttackedThisTurnWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.AttackedThisTurnWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/DevilToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.DevilToken
mage/util/TreeNode.java
 mage.util.TreeNode
mage/filter/predicate/Predicate.java
 mage.filter.predicate.Predicate
mage/game/permanent/token/OmnathElementalToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OmnathElementalToken
mage/abilities/effects/common/AddCombatAndMainPhaseEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.AddCombatAndMainPhaseEffect
 mage.abilities.effects.common.DelayedAddMainPhaseAbility
mage/game/stack/SpellStack.java
 mage.game.stack.SpellStack
mage/abilities/dynamicvalue/common/ZuberasDiedDynamicValue.java
 mage.abilities.dynamicvalue.common.ZuberasDiedDynamicValue
mage/abilities/effects/common/search/SearchTargetGraveyardHandLibraryForCardNameAndExileEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.search.SearchTargetGraveyardHandLibraryForCardNameAndExileEffect
mage/abilities/keyword/GraftAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.GraftAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.GraftDistributeCounterEffect
 mage.abilities.keyword.GraftStaticAbility
mage/cards/repository/RepositoryUtil.java
 mage.cards.repository.RepositoryUtil
mage/filter/common/FilterCreatureSpell.java
 mage.filter.common.FilterCreatureSpell
mage/abilities/effects/common/LoseLifePermanentControllerEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.LoseLifePermanentControllerEffect
mage/abilities/common/GainLifeControllerTriggeredAbility.java
 mage.abilities.common.GainLifeControllerTriggeredAbility
mage/abilities/effects/common/PreventCombatDamageBySourceEffect.java
 mage.abilities.effects.common.PreventCombatDamageBySourceEffect
mage/abilities/decorator/ConditionalReplacementEffect.java
 mage.abilities.decorator.ConditionalReplacementEffect
mage/watchers/common/CastFromGraveyardWatcher.java
 mage.watchers.common.CastFromGraveyardWatcher
mage/game/permanent/token/PlanewideCelebrationToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.PlanewideCelebrationToken
mage/target/targetpointer/FixedTarget.java
 mage.target.targetpointer.FixedTarget
mage/game/permanent/token/OctopusToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.OctopusToken
mage/abilities/keyword/TransmuteAbility.java
 mage.abilities.keyword.TransmuteAbility
 mage.abilities.keyword.TransmuteEffect
mage/game/permanent/token/GiantWarriorToken.java
 mage.game.permanent.token.GiantWarriorToken
